so heres the feed : 


Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 22:41]
🇺🇸 - Another angle of the Blue Origin New Glenn explosion.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 22:32]
🇺🇸🇮🇶⚡- Republican Senator from Maine, Susan Collins, dispels her opponent Graham Platner’s claim that she “sent him to die in Iraq” by voting for the Iraq War in 2003, as Platner volunteered, reenlisted, and then served in the PMC Blackwater.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 22:22]
🇳🇱⚡- Earlier today, a 28-year-old Arab-Dutch citizen was arrested in the Netherlands after walking into The Hague City Hall with a backpack and declaring that he had a bomb.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 22:11]
🇵🇸🇮🇱⚡️- “Benjamin Netanyahu has directed the Israeli military to take control of at least 70 percent of Gaza, defying the terms of a US-brokered truce between Israel and Hamas that took effect in the Palestinian enclave last year,” per the Financial Times.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 21:37]
🇺🇸⚡️- Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin New Glenn rocket exploded during a static-fire test. The company said they experienced an anomaly during the test and that all personnel have been accounted for.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 21:16]
🇷🇴🇷🇺⚡️- The Romanian Defence Ministry confirms that the drone came from Russia.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 20:41]
🇷🇴🇷🇺 - Local media report the fire caused by the drone was extinguished are two people and being treated for injuries of unknown severity.

This is the same city where a drone incursion was reported on the 25th of April, and active area for NATO air policing.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 20:12]
🇷🇴🇷🇺⚡️- Several people were injured after a suspected Russian drone struck an apartment building in Galati, Romania.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 18:55]
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️- U.S. CENTCOM denies Iranian reports that Iran shot down a U.S. aircraft near Bushehr.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 18:24]
🇺🇸⚡️- “A Texas man accused of threatening to kill Erika Kirk and bomb a Turning Point USA event has been charged with a third-degree felony count for making a terroristic threat.

26-year-old Jacob Wenske allegedly wrote a disturbing series of online posts and emails, including saying he knows “exactly where to bomb” after an upcoming TPUSA event was announced in San Antonio.

Authorities say he later escalated the threats, allegedly writing: “Death to Erika Kirk and every single speaker there!!” while threatening a bombing at “every single Turning Point rally and event.” - Fox News.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 16:21]
🇮🇷🇺🇸⚡️ — Iranian forces fired missiles from southern Iran towards “specified targets,” according to Fars News Agency.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 15:58]
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️- BREAKING: Initial reports that Iran fired missiles at U.S. warships, according to Iranian media.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 15:19]
🇺🇸🇨🇺🇷🇺⚡- Russia's UNIVERSAL, a 242,000 barrel tanker initially bound for Cuba, has changed course and is now heading to South America instead.

A blow to the failed Cuban regime, as Moscow obeys the U.S. embargo. The New York Times reports a Chinese tanker bound for Cuba also diverted towards South America earlier this year.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 14:19]
🇺🇸⚡️ — The Trump administration celebrates Marco Rubio’s birthday with a big cake.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 13:40]
🇺🇲🇦🇷⚡️- Per the NYT, Peter Thiel is planning to relocate to Argentina because he is concerned about the future of the U.S. and is no longer aligned with American leadership.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 12:37]
🇲🇦🇿🇦⚡️- Per the latest report by the African Developement Bank, Morocco has overtaken South Africa as Africa's most industrialized nation.

The ADB's report attributes the main cause of this evolution  to the successful transition operated within Morocco's economy, which went from relying on phosphates and car exports to diversifying its industry and establishing an efficient aeronautics sector. Morocco's Tanger port also became Africa's most important port, per the report.

The ADB cited South Africa's turmoil and economical contraction as another core reason for the new balance of power within Africa's economies.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 11:48]
🇱🇻⚡️- After Former Prime Minister Evika Silina resigned, Andris Kulbergs has been confirmed as Latvia's new Prime Minister until the next parliamentary elections on October 3.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 11:42]
🇺🇸🇮🇷🇴🇲⚡- "Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman ⁠Esmaeil Baghaei says Iran stands in solidarity with Oman, after Trump threatened to 'blow up' the country if it did not 'behave ⁠just like everybody ⁠else' with respect to control over the Strait of Hormuz," - al-Jazeera.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 11:33]
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡- "While an agreement was reached between Iranian negotiator Araghchi and the U.S. team led by Witkoff, it has not been approved by Iran’s senior leadership.

According to the report, Mojtaba Khamenei did not give approval, which may also be a factor in why President Trump has not given final consent," - i24.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 11:28]
🇺🇸🇴🇲🇮🇷⚡️- "The United States Government will not tolerate any effort to impose a tolling system in the Strait of Hormuz. Oman, in particular, should know that the U.S. Treasury will aggressively target any actors involved - directly or indirectly - in facilitating tolls for the Strait and any willing partners will be penalized. All nations should reject outright any efforts by Iran to disrupt the free flow of commerce.  Tehran’s days of terrorizing the region and the world are over." - Scott Bessent, US Treasury Secretary.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 11:19]
🇺🇸 - The US Marines have announced that the USS Iwo Jima (LHD-7) and the USS Fort Lauderdale (LPD-28), the only amphibious assault group in the region, are now heading home from the Caribbean after an extended 10-month deployment. 

Approximately 2,500 Marines from the 22nd Marine Expeditionary Unit (MEU) will be replaced by the 24th MEU, who are onboard the USS Kearsarge (LHD 3) and are currently taking part in the Sail 250 event in New Orleans, and are expected to head south after the event ends on June 1st. It is currently unknown which other ships will deploy as part of the amphibious assault group, although they will likely be joined by an independently deployed ship already in the region. 

A resupply Aircraft from the USS Nimitz (CVN-68) carrier group was seen moving through the Caribbean today, north of Venezuela, which is a rough indicator of the carrier group's current location.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 11:12]
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️- 2 more weeks.

Make of it what you will, Barak Ravid, The Axios reporter who does these articles, is a Jew.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 10:45]
🇱🇧🇮🇱⚡- Israeli jets over Beirut airspace.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 10:39]
🇫🇷⚡️- This is the fourth major reveal in two weeks about a candidate to the 2027 French Presidential elections.

Journalists, off the books, have implied a total war was ongoing behind the scenes of the French political landscape, with no sign of stopping.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 10:38]
🇫🇷⚡️- Gabriel Attal, former centrist French Prime Minister and second heir to Macron, after Edouard Philippe, had an arrangement to validate his master's degree, as he failed to validate his cursus at SciencesPo.

Using connections to France's high society, a deal was struck to deliver him his diploma despite failing his fifth year twice.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 10:24]
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️- From Axios, the deal would include:

- Unrestricted access through the Strait of Hormuz with no tolls or intervention from Iran. 

- The US naval blockade will also be lifted, but will be proportionate to the restoration of shipping through the Strait of Hormuz. 

- A commitment from Iran not to pursue nuclear weapons.

- A commitment that the first issues negotiated during the 60 day window will be how to dispose of Iran's uranium, sanctioned relief and the release of frozen funds.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 10:20]
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️- Axios reports that the US and Iran have reached a memorandum of understanding on a 60 day cease fire extension, pending Trumps approval. President Trump said he wanted a a few days to make a decision.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 09:23]
🇨🇭- Today's knife attack in Zurich happened shortly before the Swiss referendum on capping the Helvetic nation's population at 10 million residents, scheduled for June 14th.

Polls have shown it would be a tight vote, as between 44% and 48% of polled Swiss voters answered they would vote in favor of the referendum.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 09:08]
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️- "[The USS] Tripoli is among more than 20 U.S. warships currently enforcing the blockade against Iran. U.S. forces have now redirected 111 commercial vessels to ensure compliance." - US Central Command.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 09:07]
🇱🇧🇮🇱⚡- Renewed Israeli airstrikes on Nabatieh, southern Lebanon.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 09:01]
🇱🇧🇮🇱⚡- "We crossed the Litani River [southern Lebanon]," - Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 09:00]
🇱🇧🇮🇱⚡- "Yesterday we bombed Tyre, and today Beirut," - Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 09:00]
🇱🇧🇮🇱⚡- "We are launching very strong strikes in Lebanon and we are working to find a solution to the threats of Hezbollah," - Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 08:57]
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️- "The US Treasury Department continues our Economic Fury campaign against the Iranian regime. 

Their troops are not getting paid, the police are not reporting for work, and Kharg Island is shut down. The Iranian economy and currency are in free fall. 

Iran’s Persian Gulf Strait Authority (PGSA) is a joke, and today Treasury has sanctioned it. We have warned any corporate or state entities against paying tolls or hiding them as aid payments. 

Forming a Wall of Steel, the U.S. Naval Blockade has ensured a record low amount of Iranian crude on the water. We will also be shutting down both Iranian airlines’ access to landing spots, refueling, and ticket sales. 

Only a satisfactory outcome in negotiations will end the downward spiral." - Scott Bessent, US Treasury Secretary.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 08:55]
🇺🇸🇬🇹⚡- “Guatemala has agreed to carry out joint strikes with the United States military inside its territory to target drug trafficking groups, according to three people familiar with the talks, in a further expansion of the Trump administration’s military campaign across Latin America.

Last week, President Bernardo Arévalo of Guatemala agreed to both airstrikes and other military action in a call with Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth, two of those people said, with operations to start as early as next month.” - NYT.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 08:53]
🇺🇸⚡️- The Trump Administration is putting pressure on the Bureau of Engraving and Printing to design a $250 bill with President Trump’s portrait in commemoration of America’s 250th anniversary, per WaPo.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 08:50]
🇫🇷⚡️- Far-left immigrationnist party leader Jean-Luc Mélenchon is revealed to have lied about his ancestry for decades.

He pretended to be the descendant of a poor family of "Pieds-Noirs", French immigrants in Algeria, who sympathized with the locals, for electoral reasons.

However, in an article published by the JDD citing newly acquired archived documents, Mélenchon's great-grandfather was the owner of large domain in Algeria and was working directly with colonialist powers and administrations. His other ancestors also issued loans and were heavily integrated in the agricultural and labor markets of colonized Algeria.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 08:35]
🇩🇪⚡- In Kevelaer, western Germany, a class was given the assignment titled, “Brothel for All,” in which the 13-15 year old students would simulate operating an “inclusive brothel.”

Questions such as “How do sexual preferences need to be served and addressed in the rooms?” were intended for students to complete and discuss afterward. - WDR.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 08:13]
🇺🇸🇨🇺⚡- "The Trump administration is bracing for the potential collapse of Cuba's totalitarian government as early as this summer, and has war-gamed new military response plans in case the island descends into chaos," - U.S. officials tell Axios.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [28.05.2026 08:13]
🇨🇭 - A video of the knifeman and what appears to be the aftermath of the stabbing.


AMK Mapping, [28.05.2026 22:33]
Also, Playfra reported yesterday that Ukraine completed the withdrawal of their remaining drone operators from Kostyantynivka. 

I think we can expect some significant Russian advances there in the near future, as consolidation becomes easier.

AMK Mapping, [28.05.2026 22:32]
I think the Ukrainian presence in western Rodynske is probably very small now, maybe a couple dozen soldiers. 

But I agree on Bilytske, there is no solid Russian control there, or on the fields outside the city.

AMK Mapping, [28.05.2026 22:31]
Dobropillia direction.

In general, the situation remains stable.

Particularly, the 1st Corps “Azov” continues to hold well their sector of responsibility, with its soldiers saying that the Corps system in this case is working greatly well.
The strategy that they are using is defense with some counterattacks here and there in the gray zone.

The Russian 51st Army seems to be now exhausted, but Ukrainian infantry is also not in a perfect state, with the most exhaustion being felt in the Kucheriv Yar - Nykanorivka (Zapovidne) belt.
Because of their exhaustion, the Russians moved in some elements of the 41st Army in the Dobropillia direction.

In Rodynske, the situation continues to worsen for the Ukrainians left in the town: the significance of the positions and ruins they hold is under question, and the red zone might be expanded soon to most of Rodynske.
Russian forces also established their own drone positions in the town, which signals that Rodynske is, more or less, at its last breaths.

In Bilytske, the situation is better: Ukrainian presence is still overwhelming compared to Russia’s, but conducting routine clearings (its worked well until now) is becoming harder and harder because of Russian drones (their pilots have been moving closer lately) and KABs.

In general, the placed obstacles like ditches and barbed wire continue to prove extremely effective in countering Russian movements, and are praised by the fighters.
It’s also noted by them how the vegetation is currently giving them an advantage in infiltrations.

AMK Mapping, [28.05.2026 22:26]
Hezbollah released footage showing an FPV drone strike on an IDF excavator in the city of Khiam, southern Lebanon.

AMK Mapping, [28.05.2026 22:25]
Hezbollah released footage showing an FPV drone strike on a tent set up for Israeli soldiers on the Israel-Lebanon border.

It doesn't appear that there were any IDF soldiers inside the tent at the time of the strike.

AMK Mapping, [28.05.2026 22:24]
Hezbollah released footage showing FPV drone strikes on two Israeli vehicles, including one Humvee, near the town of Naqoura on the Israel-Lebanon border. 

The first vehicle is seen burning in a ditch on the side of the road after the drone strike.

AMK Mapping, [28.05.2026 22:19]
Hezbollah released footage showing FPV drone strikes on two more Israeli Iron Dome launchers, this time near the town of Margaliot, northern Israel.

This brings the total visually confirmed FPV drone strikes on Iron Dome launchers to 6.

AMK Mapping, [28.05.2026 22:16]
Hezbollah released footage showing an FPV drone strike on an IDF communications centre on the Israel-Lebanon border.

Despite Israel's advances in southern Lebanon, Hezbollah's strikes on northern Israel itself are only getting more and more common.

AMK Mapping, [28.05.2026 22:04]
I'm done being respectful to this idiot, and refraining from calling him out. You can only act like this for so long before I give up trying to discuss things with you. My recent conversation with Armchair Warlord in DMs really opened my eyes up to how he views things, and his lack of intellectual honesty. 

Armchair Warlord has been nice to me in the past, but this is just getting ridiculous. Him attacking @Suriyak_maps also pathetic. I cannot believe anyone takes this guy seriously when he bases ALL of his claims on Russian MOD reports, while ignoring EVERYTHING else by characterising it as Ukrainian propaganda.

AMK Mapping, [28.05.2026 21:58]
According to Armchair Copelord, any Russian MOD claim is automatically fact, and any Russian channel saying otherwise is either controlled by the SBU or mapping off Ukrainian claims. If EVERY SINGLE mapper (both Russian and Ukrainian) disagrees with you, then maybe you're incorrect.

But apparently I'm a Ukrainian propagandist on Monday, and a Russian propagandist on Tuesday. Same goes for @Suriyak_maps who is routinely attacked by this clown.

AMK Mapping, [28.05.2026 21:53]
Now that Ukraine is making the headlines again, I would like to make something clear:

There will be no article 5 response from NATO. Anyone telling you otherwise is engagement and hype farming. We don't even know if this was intentional, or if the drone was affected by electronic warfare.

Even if it was intentional, NATO is not about to declare war on Russia because a single drone struck a building, killing no one. Use your brains, people. There is zero incentive for a NATO-Russia war.

AMK Mapping, [28.05.2026 21:46]
A few hours ago, Russia attacked Poltava City with two Iskander-M ballistic missiles launched from near Liski, Voronezh Oblast. 

There were no civilian casualties from the attack and heavy censorship has been imposed on the event by Ukrainian authorities.

AMK Mapping, [28.05.2026 21:37]
What appears to be a Russian Geran-2 or Gerbera drone struck a high-rise apartment building in Galati, Romania, around 13.5 km from the border with Ukraine.

Prior to the attack, air raid alerts were issued in parts of the country due to the drone incursion into Romanian airspace. At least two people were injured and another 70 evacuated from the building, where a fire subsequently broke out.

Romanian authorities say they are investigating the source of the drone, however at the same time of this attack, a large-scale Russian Geran-2 drone attack was underway on the Ukrainian port city of Reni, which lies directly opposite the border with Romania.

AMK Mapping, [28.05.2026 08:10]
⚡️🇱🇧🇮🇱 20 people have been killed since this morning across several areas in southern Lebanon as a result of Israeli airstrikes.

The reported casualties include six people in Nabi Sari, two in Maaroub, one in Harouf, two in Maarakeh, four in Tyre, three in Sidon, one in Kfar Roummane, and one in Zebdine totaling to 20 total killed.

@wfwitness

AMK Mapping, [28.05.2026 07:40]
Hezbollah released footage showing an FPV drone strike on an Israeli RPS-42 advanced tactical radar system on the Israel-Lebanon border.

AMK Mapping, [28.05.2026 07:35]
Sweden announced that they are donating 16 JAS 39 Gripen C/D fighter jets to Ukraine, with the first aircraft expected to be delivered in the next 10 months. 

They will also enable Ukraine to purchase up to 20 Gripen E/F aircraft using €2.5B of the EU Ukraine Support Loan, with Sweden providing maintenance and training support for the aircraft.

Furthermore, Sweden announced a military aid package for Ukraine worth approximately $2.7 Billion, including $400 million for drone production. This package likely includes the 16 AS 39 Gripen C/Ds.

AMK Mapping, [28.05.2026 07:28]
Take notes, Hamas...

AMK Mapping, [28.05.2026 07:28]
—❗️🇮🇱/🇱🇧/🇮🇷 NEW: The assassination attempt has likely failed, according to Hebrew media

In the new war, almost all high-profile Israeli assassination attempts failed, including two attempts against Hezbollah’s leader, Sheikh Naim Qassem.

It seems Hezbollah has learnt from the intelligence failures it faced during the 2023-2024 war.

@Middle_East_Spectator

Press TV, [28.05.2026 22:32]
May 28: Leader warns of enemy plots to sow discord as IRGC responds to fresh US aggression

Leader of the Islamic Revolution said US and Israel seek to sow discord in Iran after failed military aggression, stressing unity, while Iran retaliated strongly after fresh US strikes near Bandar Abbas. 

@PressTV

Press TV, [28.05.2026 22:15]
▶️ Clashes erupt between anti-ICE protestors and ICE Agents outside the Delaney Hall Detention Center in New Jersey.

@PressTV

Press TV, [28.05.2026 22:03]
Iran strongly condemns US threat of sanctions against Oman

The Foreign Ministry has strongly condemned the United States' threat of targeting Oman with sanctions after Washington warned it would attack the country if it cooperated with Iran towards exercising control over the Strait of Hormuz.

@PressTV

Press TV, [28.05.2026 21:45]
▶️ A Russian drone has struck a building in the eastern town of Galati, Romania.

@PressTV

Press TV, [28.05.2026 21:32]
IRIB condemns killing of al-Alam journalist by Israel in southern Lebanon

The head of the Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting (IRIB), Peyman Jebelli, and IRIB’s World Service have strongly condemned the assassination of Hesam Zidan, a former correspondent of Iran’s al-Alam TV channel in Syria, who was killed in a recent Israeli strike in southern Lebanon.

@PressTV

Press TV, [28.05.2026 21:15]
▶️ Watch as Blue Origin's New Glenn rocket explodes on the launchpad during a static-fire test in Cape Canaveral, Florida.

@PressTV

Press TV, [28.05.2026 21:00]
Ex-ICC prosecutor reveals years-long Mossad intimidation to derail probe into Israeli war crimes

Former Chief Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court (ICC) Fatou Bensouda says she was subjected to a nearly decade-long intimidation campaign by Israel’s Mossad aimed at forcing her to abandon an investigation into Israeli war crimes in the occupied Palestinian territories.

@PressTV

Press TV, [28.05.2026 20:30]
Hezbollah's hell of deadly drones drives Israeli desperation to bomb Beirut

Hezbollah has inflicted heavy losses on Israeli forces with a devastating campaign of fiber-optic FPV drone strikes, prompting Israel to desperately expand its military aggression to Beirut for the second time since a ceasefire went into effect early April.

@PressTV

Press TV, [28.05.2026 20:10]
📸 Yemen’s Armed Forces Chief of Staff Major General Yusuf Hassan al-Madani has reaffirmed his country’s unwavering support for the Palestinian resistance and offered condolences on the martyrdom of two Hamas commanders Mohammad Odeh and Ezzeddin al-Haddad.

@PressTV

Press TV, [28.05.2026 19:50]
📸 Armed terrorists have killed Iranian police officer Eisa Abbasi in the  Iranshahr County of Sistan and Baluchestan province.

@PressTV

Press TV, [28.05.2026 19:30]
Iran vows proportionate response to further US 'provocations' after Bandar Abbas strike

Iran's deputy foreign minister has warned that Tehran will deliver a "proportionate response" to any continued US provocations, hours after the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps (IRGC) struck an American military site in the Persian Gulf in retaliation for a US attack on an airport in southern Iran.

@PressTV

Press TV, [28.05.2026 18:49]
▶️ Iranian patriots continue to rally around Tehran's Azadi Sq. marking the 89th consecutive night of nationwide rallies held in support of the Islamic Republic and the Iranian Armed Forces.

@PressTV

Press TV, [28.05.2026 18:32]
Iran warns US bears 'direct' responsibility for unlawful actions in Strait of Hormuz

Iran's actions in the Strait of Hormuz are lawful and consistent with international law, its UN ambassador has told the Security Council, as he hit out at the US and Israel for waging "an unwarranted, large-scale war of aggression" against the country. 

@PressTV

Press TV, [28.05.2026 17:51]
📸 The US Treasury has issued a new batch of sanctions on 25 individuals, companies, and ships under the pretext of their connection to the Iranian oil and energy sector.

@PressTV

Press TV, [28.05.2026 17:30]
▶️ “Israel pinned its hopes on pushing US into a ground war in Iran”

Political analyst Ali Rizk says Israel only partially achieved its goal of dragging the US deeper into the war against Iran, especially now that a draft agreement between Washington and Tehran is reportedly on the table.

@PressTV

Press TV, [28.05.2026 17:17]
🔴 Iran's Tasnim News Agency reports that an American drone has been targeted in the southern Iranian city of Bushehr.

@PressTV

Press TV, [28.05.2026 17:01]
📸 Iran's Foreign Ministry spokesman strongly condemns US threats against the Sultanate of Oman.

🔹 Esmail Baghaei states that threatening to impose sanctions on Oman under a false pretext is an absolutely illegal act and contrary to the fundamental principles of the UN Charter and international law.

🔹 Esmail Baghaei stresses that the international community must respond responsibly to this approach and prevent the growing normalisation of violations of international legal norms.

@PressTV

Press TV, [28.05.2026 16:57]
🔴 Fars News reports Iranian missiles have been fired at unspecified targets in the Persian Gulf earlier this evening.

@PressTV

Press TV, [28.05.2026 16:50]
▶️ Footage captures the moment Israeli fighter jets bombarded a residential building in the Al-Shati refugee camp, West of Gaza City.

@PressTV

Press TV, [28.05.2026 16:40]
▶️ Mexican scientists recognize the Iranian people for their courageous resistance and defense of their sovereignty. Let’s listen to them.

@PressTV

Nikkei Asia, [28.05.2026 22:31]
China's Innovent Biologics signs drug deal with Pfizer worth up to $10.5bn

Chinese biotech firm Innovent Biologics on Friday said it had signed a licensing deal with U.S. pharmaceutical giant Pfizer for cancer drugs worth up to $10.5 billion.

Read more here

Nikkei Asia, [28.05.2026 21:31]
Japan on tenterhooks over naphtha, even as US, India supply rises

Japanese Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi has struggled to ease concerns over the supply of naphtha, a key petrochemical input for plastics, since U.S.-Israeli strikes on Iran on Feb. 28, even as she has moved to boost supplies from outside the Middle East.

Read more here

Nikkei Asia, [28.05.2026 20:31]
Asia security summit opens with US strategy in focus amid Iran war

Global defense leaders will gather in Singapore this weekend for a major event, as Washington's strategy in Asia's security landscape is closely watched amid its war with Iran.

Read more here

Nikkei Asia, [28.05.2026 18:31]
Taiwanese tourists flock to Japan's Kyushu for local-ish trips

Japan's southwestern island of Kyushu is becoming a hot spot for Taiwanese travelers who see it as akin to an affordable local destination, with recent data showing visitors from Taiwan surging by half.

Read more here

Nikkei Asia, [28.05.2026 18:31]
Japan's crude imports plunge 50% since Iran war, exposing Mideast reliance

Japanese imports of crude oil have dropped by nearly half since the U.S. started the Iran war, a Nikkei analysis shows, underscoring the widening economic fallout from the conflict.

Read more here

Nikkei Asia, [28.05.2026 18:31]
Humanoid robots strut their stuff as trade show comes to Japan

An international humanoid robot trade show held in Japan for the first time kicked off Thursday, with Honda Motor among the major players showcasing robots and technologies in the up-and-coming field.

Read more here

Nikkei Asia, [28.05.2026 17:01]
South Korean election campaign sparks US alliance questions

Each Saturday, in the heart of South Korea's capital, a crowd of a few hundred people gathers a stone's throw from the U.S. Embassy. A host leads chants of "We oppose the U.S.!" in protests that observers say have grown in the lead-up to local elections on June 3.

Read more here

Nikkei Asia, [28.05.2026 12:31]
CATL opens $440m battery storage test site that simulates severe conditions

Chinese automotive battery leader Contemporary Amperex Technology Co. Ltd. opened a 10-hectare battery storage testing facility Thursday, aiming to improve safety and reliability by testing under more severe conditions.

Read more here

Nikkei Asia, [28.05.2026 09:01]
Qualcomm unveils first chip for budget PCs amid memory, CPU crunch

Qualcomm Technologies is launching its first chip for budget PCs, as computer makers struggle with surging prices of CPUs and memory chips due to widespread supply constraints.

Read more here

Nikkei Asia, [28.05.2026 08:31]
DJI turns to independent security audit in fight against US drone ban

Two drone models made by Chinese company DJI posed no major security vulnerabilities, nor is there any evidence of data transmission outside the U.S., according to an independent audit by a U.S.-based cybersecurity company.

Read more here

Nikkei Asia, [28.05.2026 06:31]
Japan and Philippines elevate ties amid China security concerns

Japan and the Philippines have elevated their ties to one of the highest levels of diplomatic relations amid growing concerns over China's assertiveness in the region.

Read more here

Nikkei Asia, [28.05.2026 06:31]
EU fines Temu $230m over illegal product sales

The European Commission announced Thursday that it will impose a fine of 200 million euros ($230 million) on China's e-commerce platform Temu. The commission determined that the platform violates European Union regulations by widely distributing illegal goods.

Read more here

Nikkei Asia, [28.05.2026 06:01]
Tencent bets on AI agents, smaller models in race with Alibaba, ByteDance

As competition for AI users intensifies in China, Tencent is taking a different approach than rivals Alibaba and ByteDance by focusing more on smaller models and meeting diverse user needs, even as all three companies pour billions of dollars into the technological arms race.

Read more here

Nikkei Asia, [28.05.2026 04:31]
Vietnam's To Lam visits Thailand as countries deepen relations

To Lam, Vietnam's president and Communist Party chief, held summit talks in Thailand on Thursday during his first visit to an ASEAN member state since assuming both roles, as the two countries seek to deepen economic ties and strengthen their regional partnership.

Read more here

Geopolitics Prime, [28.05.2026 22:00]
📹 ‘Peaceful protesters’ with military-grade weapons — regime-change theater exposed

The Grayzone correspondent Wyatt Reed shared newly emerged footage from Iran’s January unrest which Trump tried to sell as Iran’s democratic uprising.

The video, now circulating as internet access gradually returns in parts of Iran, reportedly shows armed anti-government militants carrying out a drive-by shooting targeting a purported Basij member outside a supermarket.

💬 “They were armed with military grade weapons by a foreign power (US) and organized by a foreign intelligence agency (Mossad) amid an obvious regime change operation,” Reed stressed.

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Geopolitics Prime, [28.05.2026 20:39]
✡️☠️ Candace Owens exposes GLOBAL Zionist pressure machine

US conservative commentator Candace Owens says the campaign against her began after she called Israel’s ethnic cleansing in Gaza a genocide.

💬 “I got banned from Australia, got fired from the Daily Wire,” Owens said, adding that organized mass reporting also hit her YouTube channel.

💬 “This is the Zionist lobby. It’s not just in America, it’s global.”

Owens says she went from being treated like a “rock star” to being smeared as “Adolf Hitler” because she refused to stay silent on Gaza.

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Geopolitics Prime, [28.05.2026 19:36]
👁 Peter Thiel finds another escape hatch — Argentina edition

Peter Thiel — Palantir billionaire, Trump donor, JD Vance patron, Antichrist obsessive — is quietly planting new roots in Argentina.

💵 The New York Times reported that Thiel has bought a mansion in one of Buenos Aires’ most exclusive neighborhoods, met with President Javier Milei and his ministers, and even hosted a dinner with local economists where he discussed — yes — the Antichrist.

According to people familiar with his thinking, Thiel sees Argentina as another potential “Plan B” as he worries about the direction of the US — from California billionaire taxes to political instability, nuclear war and runaway AI.

📑 This is not his first escape route. Thiel obtained New Zealand citizenship in 2011 and applied for a Malta passport in 2022.

Now Argentina enters the bunker map: geographically far from Northern Hemisphere conflicts, led by Milei’s anti-tax libertarian project, and useful for a billionaire class that wants maximum power with minimum accountability.

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Geopolitics Prime, [28.05.2026 18:41]
🤡 US wants to drag Raúl Castro into Miami court — Maduro playbook again

💬 “We didn’t do this for a show indictment,” Acting AG Todd Blanche — Trump’s former personal lawyer — said about 94-year-old Raúl Castro.

💬 “We did this because we really need Castro here to face charges,” he added.

Same Miami courtroom fantasy, same aggression card waiting under the table.

💬 “We’re going to do everything we can to get him here,” Blanche declared.

🇺🇸 How about indicting the Epstein accomplices for once?

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Geopolitics Prime, [28.05.2026 17:44]
💥 Hezbollah wipes out Israeli military communications vehicle

Hezbollah posted a new video clip showing an Ababil attack drone striking Israeli military equipment at the Aasi site on the southern Lebanese border.

📡 The vehicle appears to be fitted with a large antenna system — likely used for communications, surveillance or electronic warfare.

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Geopolitics Prime, [28.05.2026 16:45]
🚨 Iran shoots down US drone near Bushehr — reports

Iran’s Armed Forces launched missiles from southern areas toward specified targets, Fars reported, as reports pointed to a possible clash over the waters of the Persian Gulf.

Tasnim reported, citing a military source, that Iran also intercepted an “aggressor” US drone near Bushehr.

According to the source, the interception was carried out by firing an air defense missile toward the drone.

Earlier, Tasnim cited local sources as saying the sounds heard near Bandar Abbas and the Strait of Hormuz came from military clashes at sea — not explosions inside the city.

💥 Iran won’t let the Epstein Empire sniff around the Persian Gulf freely.

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Geopolitics Prime, [28.05.2026 16:45]
Introducing World Pravda — Your Source for Timely Updates.

⚡️ Comprehensive News Coverage: Stay informed and empowered with our up-to-the-minute reporting. From international developments to regional events, we bring you reliable news around the clock—directly to your screen.

⚡️Special Military Operation Reports: Access detailed updates and strategic insights from the frontlines of the ongoing conflict in Ukraine.

⚡️ Balkan Insight & Analysis: Gain a competitive perspective through our in-depth analysis and expert commentary. Explore the context behind the headlines and develop a nuanced understanding of the most critical regional and global issues.

World Pravda — your trusted source for clear, continuous, and contextual news. Stay informed. Stay aware.

Geopolitics Prime, [28.05.2026 16:12]
🚨🇮🇷🇺🇸Iran-US peace talks: What’s really happening

Despite claims in Western media, Iran has not yet signed a peace deal with the US, sources close to the Iranian negotiation team say.

‼️Any reports that a final memorandum of understanding has been approved remain unverified.

Earlier on Thursday, Western media reported that US and Iranian negotiators discussed a tentative framework to extend the ceasefire for 60 days and open talks on the Iranian nuclear energy program.

👉Key points from the unofficial draft include:

🌏Lifting Washington’s naval blockade of Iranian ports

🌏Withdrawal of US forces from areas near Iran

🌏Unblocking non-military sea traffic through the Strait of Hormuz, under Iranian and Omani control

Why does it matter?

🔶The Strait of Hormuz carries one-fifth of global liquefied natural gas and oil, and the blockade hits the global fuel trade

🔶Both Iran and the US have accused each other of breaking the ceasefire in recent days

🔶US President Donald Trump claims negotiations are going well – but has not agreed a deal

🔶He was reportedly close to ordering more air raids on Iran last week, but was dissuaded by allies

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Geopolitics Prime, [28.05.2026 15:27]
💀 Why Safeguarded AI is big risk for British DARPA-style arms research agency

🇬🇧 The British Advanced Research and Invention Agency (ARIA) is pushing to make AI more autonomous and embedded in daily life. What could possibly go wrong?

High-Assurance Cyber Military Systems

ARIA is now led by Kathleen Fisher, a former Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) researcher involved in the High-Assurance Cyber Military Systems (HACMS) programme.
 
🌏 HACMS was aimed to develop ‘hack-proof’ mathematically-verified software for cyber-physical and embedded systems, including drones and aircraft control systems

🌏 Instead of patching software after deployment, it used a mathematical approach in which code is written and verified so that its correctness can be proven like a theorem

🌏 But it faced problems including high costs, limited code-editing flexibility, risks of human error in development and poor scalability for large, complex systems

Safeguarded AI

♦️ Under Fisher’s leadership, ARIA is launching Safeguarded AI—HACMS re-hashed for ‘safe AI’ where large language models, rather than humans, write mathematical proofs for code

♦️ Backers argue that while HACMS did not scale well with system complexity, AI-powered tools could solve that problem 

Blue teams vs Red teams 

🌏 One of ARIA’s approaches involves two AI-driven teams of developers:

➡️ A ‘Blue Team’ that writes security-critical software units with key functions backed by machine-checked proofs

➡️ A ‘Red Team’ that tries to hack the system and reports on its attacks and their outcomes

🌏 The goal is an ‘assurance toolkit’ to enable AI agents to independently write codes or models with mathematical proof they are correct and safe

The real danger

The system is still far from guaranteeing robust, real-world safety, especially when it comes to high-stakes use, critics warn:

🌏 Guarantees only work on strict assumptions and system limits—the real world is far more complex and dynamic
 
🌏 There is a risk of too much trust: systems labeled ‘verified’ may be treated as safe even when only parts of them are covered

🌏 Using AI to generate proofs means errors in verification could undermine the entire safety mechanism

🌏 The problems of scaling up verification to large, AI-generated systems is still unsolved, even with advanced software

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Geopolitics Prime, [28.05.2026 14:43]
🚨 Child trafficking in Ukraine: organs harvested and kids sent abroad for 'scientific research'

➡️ Ukraine has seen a surge in human trafficking targeting children for organ harvesting and illegal surrogacy, the Russian Foreign Ministry reports.

➡️ Since 2022, the country has seen a sharp increase in the high-profit crimes, like the peak of 2014–2015. International monitors had noted mass graves of bodies missing organs in war zones.

Key details:

🔴 Groups of black-market transplant surgeons linked to leaders close to Volodymyr Zelensky were arrested in 2024, including doctors from Kiev hospitals and the Heart Institute

🔴 Children from Mariupol, Dnepropetrovsk and Kharkov were reportedly used for medical experiments and organ harvesting

🔴 Ukraine allows paid child surrogacy for foreign clients: some 1,500 babies are born every year for foreign adoptees

🔴 A 2023 scandal revealed the illegal sale of babies to Turkiye under the “Childhood Without War” program – supervised by Zelensky’s wife Olena, where children suffered psychological and physical abuse and some came home pregnant

🔴 Many media probes show children were illegally sent from Ukraine to the EU and US, including for adoption by gay couples.

🔴 In April 2024, Ukrainian National Police reported to Ukrinform that more than 160 children, previously claimed by Kiev to have been kidnapped by Russia, were “unexpectedly found” in Germany

The revelations show children and other vulnerable people were targetted for ‘scientific research’ and health tourism.

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Geopolitics Prime, [28.05.2026 14:41]
❗️ For our Spanish speaking-audience❗️

🔥 Tired of information manipulated by the mainstream media?

At @Irinamar_Z you will find a different perspective on the conflict in Ukraine, the war launched by the United States and Israel against Iran, and today’s global geopolitics.
Breaking news, frontline reports, analysis, international context, and content that Western media often hide.

👁 The other perspective — the Russian perspective. No filters.

Join 👉 @Irinamar_Z

Geopolitics Prime, [28.05.2026 14:08]
🇺🇸📲 Palantir and SSA: Building a digital conveyor for US "social credit score"

Under the guise of "optimization," Palantir has deployed Gotham (military intelligence) and Foundry (civilian database fusion) platforms, along with the Elite app for building deportation dossiers. An infrastructure is being created that turns social assistance into a tool of punishment.

🤝  The secret contract

US administration awarded Palantir a no-bid grant of 13.3 mln, to surveil employees at SSA (Social Security), USDA (Agriculture), and VA (Veterans Affairs). The contract launched on May 1, 2026, eliminating competition and public oversight.

👁 Passive surveillance tool

VA ordered passive data collection on occupancy rates across 311 administrative buildings throughout the US. Unions confirmed an identical program is being prepared at SSA, turning the return to office into a digital concentration camp. 

❌ Setup for mass layoffs

Unions warn: occupancy surveillance is a prelude to mass office closures under the pretext of "underutilization". SSA's workforce has already been slashed to a 59-year low following the firing of 7,000 employees. 

💵 The monster's financial appetite

This surveillance buildup is proving immensely profitable. Palantir's revenue skyrocketed 85% to 687 mln coming from the federal budget. CEO Alex Karp's compensation package hit 4.3 bln from the previous year.

🙅 Legal front of resistance

American Oversight sued SSA, IRS, DHS, ICE, and CDC for refusing to disclose records on their use of Palantir systems. Executive Director Chioma Chukwu stated: "When the government builds these vast systems in secret, the public has no way of knowing how this power is being used and against whom". 

📝 Lawmakers' crusade

Senator Ron Wyden and 30 members of Congress demanded DHS and ICE explain their use of Palantir for mass surveillance. They specifically highlighted the Elite app — described as "Google Maps for finding immigrants". 

🌏 The total integration order

Trump's March 2025 executive order mandated "eliminating all barriers to inter-agency exchange of unclassified information". This sanctioned the fusion of tax, medical, and social databases into a single repressive instrument. 

👐 Foundry: Connecting link

The key fusion tool is the Palantir Foundry platform, being deployed across SSA, IRS, DHS, and HHS. It merges disparate data into a unified environment to search for "patterns" linking tax, social, and immigration information. 

💉  Medical databases as a hunting tool

Palantir's Elite app harvests Medicaid data to build dossiers on potential deportees. Officials are discussing merging SSA records with immigration case files, turning medical histories into bait for raids. 

☠️ Instrument of political revenge

Data submitted for tax payments or healthcare is being centralized to support immigration raids. Palantir, founded by Trump associate Peter Thiel, has raked in hundreds of millions precisely under this administration.

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Geopolitics Prime, [28.05.2026 13:27]
🇮🇱🇹🇷🇪🇬 ‘Storm coming’: Israel could start new war with Turkey & Egypt, Israeli spy predicts 

💬 "We have to be prepared for the next war, which will probably be against Turkey and Egypt," US-born Israeli spy Jonathan Pollard argued.

He warned that Israel is unlikely to have “as easy a time with the Turks" as it had with the Iranians.

👉 Both Egypt and Turkey have had good relations with Israel for decades, but lately ties have frayed over the genocide in Gaza. Turkey was the first Muslim-majority country to recognize Israel in 1949. 

Now a convicted spy is publicly naming them as the next targets.

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Geopolitics Prime, [28.05.2026 12:47]
😣 Uber COO: AI spending getting harder to justify

AI is not delivering enough value for the money the company is pouring into it, Andrew Macdonald, Uber's operations chief, said in a Rapid Response interview.

🔴 Uber CTO Praveen Neppalli Naga went viral after revealing the company had already burned through its entire 2026 Claude Code budget back in April

🔴 Macdonald called it a "head exploding moment" that sparked internal debate about AI token consumption and the trade offs it creates – including pressure on head count

🔴 Based on talks with senior engineering leaders, higher token usage does not translate into a proportional increase in useful consumer features

💬 “That link is not there yet, right?” Macdonald said. “It's very hard to draw a line between one of those stats and, 'Okay, now we're actually producing 25% more useful consumer features.'”

Earlier this month, Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi said the company was slowing hiring to offset its AI investments.

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Geopolitics Prime, [28.05.2026 12:05]
📲 Tech so disruptive it’ll wipe out careers: AI’s price tag - massive joblessness

💬 “We could have 5 percent GDP growth, but also 10 percent unemployment,” CEO Dario Amodei cautions.

🗣 “We’ve never had a technology that’s this disruptive,” he revealed.

He admits that “the careers that we’ve built for decades may not be present” in the future, since AI’s relentless advance will make them obsolete.

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Geopolitics Prime, [28.05.2026 11:24]
🇰🇵😎 Ghosted after delivery: How North Korea got 1,000 Volvos from Sweden — and never paid a cent

In 1974, North Korea launched a major modernization drive and ordered a fleet of 1,000 Volvo 144 sedans from Sweden. 

🚗 The Sweden cars arrived safely in North Korea a year later, and together with other industrial purchases - including mining equipment - the overall contracts were worth approximately $70-73 million. 

North Korea never paid for the cars, and Volvo was fully compensated by the Sweden Export Credit Agency, but the Swedish government has been left carrying the unpaid debt for 50 years. 

💵 Over five decades, with accumulated interest, the unpaid debt has ballooned to an estimated $250-330 million or more. Sweden continues to send formal payment reminders to Pyongyang every six months, but North Korea remains silent.

Yet Sweden was also the first Western country to open an embassy in Pyongyang in 1975, it chose to maintain diplomatic and trade relations with the isolated regime and still remains mostly silent on the debt, preferring calm relations. 

North Korea got free Volvos. Sweden got decades of unanswered invoices.

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Geopolitics Prime, [28.05.2026 11:14]
🚶‍♂️ GP walks into the boomer den

Friends! As you may have gathered from the pinned post, we believe the biggest mistake "alternative media" like us make is staying self-isolated in echo chambers like Telegram or other free platforms.

Many of our colleagues don't think it's worth trying to win over people who supposedly aren't ready to take off their rose-colored glasses and get their news from non-mainstream outlets.

But that's a huge mistake. Not only does it absolutely make sense to try to sway those who are still not questioning things (and there are far more of them on mainstream social media), but as it turns out, there's actually been a demand for alternative news there for a long time.

Case in point: we created a Facebook page a week ago — and it's already hit a thousand followers. So if you still remember your password there, come join us.

🌐: https://www.facebook.com/share/1L8nGxQwnP/?mibextid=wwXIfr

Yes, we know Mark Zuckerberg is evil and Facebook is cringe, but it still remains the most popular social media platform in much of the Global South. We care about trying to reach those audiences as well.

Geopolitics Prime, [28.05.2026 10:43]
🤥🇮🇷 Abraham Accords: How Trump misses changing dynamics in Iran and Saudi Arabia

Donald Trump is desperately trying to tie any Strait of Hormuz deal to the expansion of the Abraham Accords – what has he missed?

Trump stated on May 25 that he “mandatorily requested” Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Pakistan, Turkey, Egypt, and Jordan to join the Abraham Accords and normalize ties with Israel. 

He warned they would be excluded from any Iran-related deal if they refuse. 

Trump is also signalling economic incentives, as the World Bank warns of a looming regional downturn.

🇦🇪🇧🇭The UAE and Bahrain joined the Abraham Accords in September 2020, while Saudi Arabia remains hesitant 

🇪🇬🇯🇴 Egypt and Jordan’s inclusion is unclear, given they already signed peace treaties with Israel in 1979 and 1994, respectively

Muslim powers scoff at Trump’s demand

🇸🇦  A Saudi source stated that a guaranteed, irreversible pathway to Palestinian statehood remains the key condition

🇵🇰 Pakistan has rejected the proposal, while four other Muslim states have stayed silent

Behind the scenes, Arab officials mocked Trump’s demand as a “poison pill” that could further undermine regional peace, Politico reports.

Saudi Arabia’s quiet move behind Trump’s back

♦️ Gulf states are increasingly disenchanted with the US-led, Israel-centered regional order

♦️ In mid-May, Saudi Arabia reportedly discussed a non-aggression pact between Middle East states and Iran with Arab neighbors, according to the Financial Times

♦️ The initiative is seen as a response to Iran’s March proposal for a regional security pact involving Gulf states

On May 19, Eagle Intelligence Reports claimed a secret Saudi–Iran meeting in Spain, focused on:

➡️safeguarding Saudi oil flows via the Strait of Hormuz

➡️ avoiding direct Saudi–Iran confrontation amid Trump’s Iran war

➡️ keeping communication channels open

Saudi Arabia's interests seem to overlap with Iran's:

👉  Saudi Arabia is at odds with the UAE in Sudan and Yemen, backing opposing sides of the conflicts

👉  It also seeks to curb Qatar, seen as a conduit for Turkey’s regional hegemonic ambitions 

👉   opposition to Israel’s regional dominance 

👉  alongside Iran’s role in the Shiite world, Saudi Arabia holds a distinct position in Islam as custodian of Mecca and Medina

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Geopolitics Prime, [28.05.2026 10:02]
🇮🇱🪖 Israeli soldiers intentionally left newborn babies to die inside incubators in Gaza – UK surgeon

IDF troops invaded Al Nasr Children's Hospital back in 2023 and forced the local staff to leave, abandoning several infants because they could not be transported without oxygen equipment, Prof. Nick Maynard says.

When doctors returned, they found the bodies of the newborns in a severe state of decomposition, he notes.

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Geopolitics Prime, [28.05.2026 09:19]
🇮🇷🤝 Iran playing 'clever game’ in Gulf peace process – ex-US diplomat

While Donald Trump keeps claiming that a peace deal is within reach, Iran is content to let him spin these tall tales, even as economic damage in the West caused by the Strait of Hormuz closure continues to mount, former US diplomat James Jatras explains.

The Iranians, he points out, are well aware that there is no deal they can sign with the United States that the US will honor.

💬 “I think that’s the fundamental reality of international life right now in all of these interrelated conflicts, that the word of the United States on an international agreement is essentially worthless,” Jatrass said while interviewed by Rachel Blevins.

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Geopolitics Prime, [28.05.2026 08:38]
⚛️🌏 The chemistry of geopolitics: Why Venezuelan and Iranian oil are at the heart of global conflict

How a specialized blending recipe became a focal point of international power struggles.

🇻🇪 The Venezuelan "paste" problem

➡️  Venezuela's Orinoco Belt holds some of the world's largest oil reserves, but the crude itself is "extra‑heavy"

➡️ With an API gravity of 8–10°, it is essentially a thick, tar‑like paste loaded with sulfur, metals, and asphaltenes

➡️ In its natural state, it is nearly impossible to transport through pipelines or process in standard refineries

🇮🇷 The Iranian solution

🔴  To make this heavy sludge marketable, it must be thinned out. This is where Iran has historically played a critical role

🔴  Iran exports light oil and gas condensates (highly volatile, low‑density liquids) which act as a chemical solvent

🔴  By mixing roughly three barrels of Venezuelan heavy crude with one barrel of Iranian light crude or condensate, the industry creates the Merey 16 blend – highly sought after by Asian refineries, especially Chinese ones

🔴  For years, this supply chain operated as an "illicit" loop: Iran provided the thinning agents, Venezuela provided the heavy crude, and China served as the primary buyer, helping both nations bypass Western sanctions

🇺🇸 US interests

👉  While the US is a major producer of "light, sweet" shale oil, its refineries often need heavy crude to balance their input

👉   Blending heavy Venezuelan oil with light domestic grades allows refiners to maximize the yield of high‑value products like diesel, jet fuel, and petrochemical feedstocks, significantly improving profit margins

👉  Although the US remains a top global oil exporter, it still relies on heavy crude imports from Canada, Mexico, and Colombia. Access to Venezuela's massive reserves offers a logistically superior and more stable alternative to importing heavy grades from more distant regions

By securing Venezuela's heavy crude, the US not only replaces the existing trade loop with a Western‑controlled supply chain but also optimizes its own refining capacity and extracts significant profits by leveraging these vast resources.

The Iran war and Hormuz blockade - just another piece of the global energy puzzle?

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Watcher Guru, [28.05.2026 21:11]
JUST IN: Jeff Bezos's Blue Origin New Glenn rocket explodes during a static-fire test.

@WatcherGuru

Watcher Guru, [28.05.2026 16:01]
JUST IN: 🇺🇸 S&P 500 closes at new all-time high of 7,563

@WatcherGuru

Watcher Guru, [28.05.2026 17:56]
JUST IN: 🇺🇸 $DELL is up 57% since President Trump said to buy the stock on May 8th.

Yesterday, the US government announced a $9.7 billion contract with Dell.

@WatcherGuru

Watcher Guru, [28.05.2026 14:47]
JUST IN: 🇺🇸 US Treasury Secretary Bessent calls on Congress pass crypto Clarity Act.

"The most important thing we can do is make digital assets come into the United States."

@WatcherGuru

Watcher Guru, [28.05.2026 14:13]
JUST IN: Claude AI developer Anthropic raises $65 billion at $965,000,000,000 valuation.

@WatcherGuru

Watcher Guru, [28.05.2026 12:59]
JUST IN: Anthropic launches Claude Opus 4.8

@WatcherGuru

Watcher Guru, [28.05.2026 12:38]
JUST IN: Bitcoin now has an 84% chance of dropping to $70,000 before reclaiming $90,000.

@WatcherGuru

Watcher Guru, [28.05.2026 11:13]
JUST IN: 🇺🇸 S&P 500 reaches new all-time high of 7,555

@WatcherGuru

Watcher Guru, [28.05.2026 09:38]
JUST IN: 🇺🇸 Trump administration moves to put President Trump on a new $250 bill, WaPo reports.

@WatcherGuru

Watcher Guru, [28.05.2026 00:33]
JUST IN: $500,000,000 worth of crypto longs liquidated in the past 90 minutes.

@WatcherGuru

Watcher Guru, [28.05.2026 00:03]
JUST IN: 🇺🇸🇮🇷 Bitcoin falls under $73,000 after US and Iran launch attacks against each other.

@WatcherGuru

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 20:43]
🇷🇺🇷🇴 — A drone struck a residential building in Galați, Romania, amid a Russian attack on Ukrainian cities near the Romanian border. Authorities said two people were hospitalized.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 19:20]
🇪🇺🇩🇪⚡️ — The Authority for European Political Parties and Foundations has launched proceedings that could strip the far-right Europe of Sovereign Nations (ESN) party, founded by Germany's AfD, of its official EU political party status and funding over alleged violations of EU values, POLITICO reports.

➡️ The watchdog cited evidence including anti-immigration, antisemitic, and anti-LGBT rhetoric by member parties, as well as alleged extremist positions and ties to United Russia. A 300-page report referenced court rulings, social media posts, and intelligence findings, including Germany’s 2025 classification of AfD as a right-wing extremist organization.

➡️ The ESN alliance includes nationalist parties from Germany, France, Poland, Bulgaria, Hungary, the Netherlands, Slovakia, and Czechia and is due to receive more than €2 million in EU subsidies in 2026.

➡️ If the process succeeds, ESN would lose its EU funding and legal political-party recognition, though its parliamentary group and 27 MEPs in the European Parliament would remain in place.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 19:16]
🇭🇺🪖⚡️ — Hungarian Prime Minister Péter Magyar said he held important talks with NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte in Brussels, stressing that Hungary would remain a reliable partner within NATO.

➡️ Both sides agreed Hungarian troops are performing strongly as part of NATO’s peacekeeping mission in Kosovo. Magyar also reiterated that Hungary will not provide weapons or military equipment to Ukraine.

➡️ Rutte briefed him on preparations for the NATO summit in Ankara on July 7–8, as well as the security situation surrounding the Strait of Hormuz.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 19:04]
🇮🇷🇸🇦⚡️ — A Financial Times investigation found that Iran International lost more than £410 million over five years while receiving nearly $1 billion in financing, including £650 million in debt relief tied to structures linked to Saudi Research and Media Group (SRMG), a Saudi state-aligned media company.

The broadcaster, which says it is privately funded and editorially independent, converted £650 million of shareholder debt into equity in December to strengthen its balance sheet. Corporate records show ownership links to offshore entities connected to Saleh Hussain Aldowais, identified as a senior executive at SRMG.

Iran International denied receiving funding from any government, including Saudi Arabia or Israel, and said claims of state control echo Iranian disinformation campaigns.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 18:50]
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️ — U.S. Central Command:
CLAIM: Iran's state TV claimed Iranian forces downed a U.S. aircraft near Bushehr. FALSE. 

TRUTH: No U.S. aircraft were shot down. All U.S. air assets are accounted for.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 18:39]
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️ — Vice President JD Vance on Iran:
I think it's hard to say exactly when or if President Trump is going to sign the MoU. We're going back and forth on a couple of language points. I do think that we've made a lot of progress here. 

It's very clear that the Iranians want a deal and they want to open the Strait of Hormuz. We want them to open the Strait of Hormuz. We're going back and forth with them. 

We do think they're negotiating at least so far in good faith, and we're making some progress. Hopefully we'll continue to make progress.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 18:22]
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️ — President Trump on Iran:
They are very good negotiators — they are crafty — but we hold all the cards, because we have defeated them militarily.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 16:17]
🇮🇷🇺🇸⚡️ — Iranian forces fired missiles from southern Iran towards “specified targets,” according to Fars News Agency.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 16:02]
🇮🇷🇺🇸⚡️— NEW: According to Iran International, Iran launched anti-ship missiles targeting four vessels that attempted to cross the Strait of Hormuz without prior coordination with Iranian authorities.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 15:51]
🇮🇷🇺🇸⚡️— BREAKING: Preliminary reports from Iranian media indicate that Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) anti-ship missiles were directed at United States warships.

➡️This report has not yet been confirmed.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 15:37]
🇮🇷⚡️— An explosion was reported in Bushehr, with local media suggesting a possible missile launch.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 15:16]
🇱🇧🇮🇱⚡️ — Lebanon's Ministry of Health reports 3,324 killed and 10,027 injured since the start of the current round of fighting.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 15:10]
🇺🇸⚡️ — Trump has become the most unpopular U.S. president in the history of The Economist/YouGov polling, with a net approval rating of minus 24% — 34% approve, 58% disapprove — surpassing all predecessors since the survey began in 2009, according to The Economist.

➡️ The war with Iran has severely damaged his standing, with his management of the economy dragging him down most.

➡️ YouGov data shows dissatisfaction with Trump is now widespread even in states that voted for him in 2024.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 15:00]
🇱🇧❌🇮🇱 — WATCH: Hezbollah released footage showing FPV drone strikes on two Iron Dome batteries at the Ramim (Hounin) Barracks, northern Israel, on May 23.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 14:55]
🇺🇸⚡️ — Secretary of War Pete Hegseth:
Thanks to President Trump’s historic $1.5 trillion military investment, our troops will receive the largest pay raise in modern history.

We are also making a generational investment in barracks, military infrastructure, and troop support systems.

America First = Troops First

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 14:51]
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️ — President Trump is currently reviewing the latest draft of a possible agreement with Iran that would begin a 60-day period of intensive nuclear negotiations, though U.S. officials say he has not yet approved it, NBC reports.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 14:48]
🇮🇷🇶🇦🇺🇸⚡️ — U.S. and Iranian negotiators agreed on the framework of a truce agreement during talks in Doha three days ago, though both sides are delaying a final announcement, according to NBC News.

➡️ Iran’s delegation has already presented the terms to senior leadership, while Washington is still waiting for Trump to decide whether to approve the deal.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 14:40]
🇮🇷🇵🇰⚡️ — Iran will announce any finalized agreement through the Pakistani mediator and to the public once it is complete, dismissing reports from Western sources as lacking credibility, according to Tasnim News Agency, citing a source close to the negotiating team.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 14:40]
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️ — Reporter: Is sanctions relief for Iran on the table?

Treasury Secretary Bessent: Nothing is going to be on the table until we see the Strait of Hormuz open and the Iranians agree that they have to turn over the highly enriched uranium and that they can't have a nuclear program.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 14:39]
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️ — U.S. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent: 
We did not have regime change, but we changed the regime.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 14:39]
🇺🇸⚡️ — U.S. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent: 
The economy is challenging now, but unemployment is still low, tax refunds were high, and consumer spending is still quite high.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 14:38]
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️ — U.S. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent: 
President Trump has done something that no other administration has been able to do. 

We have gotten the Iranians to talk about their nuclear program and perhaps commit to not having one. 

That has never happened before.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 14:38]
🇺🇸🇴🇲⚡️ — Fox's Peter Doocy: President Trump said, "Oman will behave just like everybody else, or we will have to blow them up." Are you guys back there in the West Wing making plans for a new war with Oman?

Trump: I think Trump wanted to punctuate freedom of navigation in the strait. I had a call with the Omani ambassador this morning, and he assured me that there were no plans for tolling the Strait.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 14:37]
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️ — U.S. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent: 
The Strait of Hormuz has to have free transit navigations of the sea; the sea has to be free and open, as it was before.

Trump will not take a bad deal. He's going to make a great deal for the American people.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 14:36]
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️ — U.S. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent: 
Actually, oil prices are down about 10% in May.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 14:26]
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️ — Head of the National Security Commission of the Iranian Parliament:
Exchange of messages with the US is underway.

If Trump wants to get out of the deadlock, he has no choice but to surrender to the will of the Iranian nation.

Americans must first accept Iran's five conditions. At this stage, they accepted, but so far they have not taken any action.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 14:18]
🇺🇸⚡️ — The Trump administration celebrates Marco Rubio’s birthday with a big cake.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 14:17]
🇨🇺🇷🇺🇺🇸⚡️ — A Russian tanker carrying 242,000 barrels of badly needed diesel that appeared headed to Cuba has suddenly changed course toward South America, deepening the island's energy crisis under the U.S. oil blockade, according to The New York Times.

➡️ Russia was the only nation allowed to break the blockade, sending 730,000 barrels of crude in March, but that supply has largely been used. The Pentagon and U.S. Coast Guard expressed puzzlement at the tanker's new route; the Russian government did not comment.

➡️ Cuba's UN Ambassador Ernesto Soberón Guzmán called the U.S. blockade "hypocritical" and "cynical," saying Washington talks of opening the Strait of Hormuz while imposing "a fuel blockade that in practice constitutes an act of war."

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 14:15]
🇺🇸🇮🇷🛢📉 — Oil prices dropped sharply on Thursday after Axios reported that U.S. and Iranian officials had reached a deal for a 60-day ceasefire extension and the start of nuclear talks, subject to President Trump's final approval, according to the BBC.

Brent crude fell to a low of $93.36 from an earlier high of $98, before rebounding to about $94. Prices had jumped earlier after the U.S. carried out new strikes on a military site in Bandar Abbas — the second attack in three days — which Washington said were conducted in self-defense.

CENTCOM confirmed it also shot down four Iranian drones near the Strait of Hormuz, while Iran called the strikes "a grave violation of the ceasefire" and vowed not to leave any hostility unanswered. Kuwait's military separately reported intercepting hostile missile and drone threats.

Oil had already fallen sharply this week on hopes of a deal to reopen the strait, which has been effectively closed since the war began on February 28, choking off roughly one-fifth of global oil and LNG supplies. Before the conflict, Brent was trading closer to $70 a barrel.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 14:04]
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️ — Trump says a deal to end the war with Iran is close, but on key issues everything has returned to square one — or worse — after an "epic disaster" that has cost at least $28 billion, triggered a crippling Hormuz blockade, disrupted global energy supplies, and inflicted possibly irreversible reputational damage on the United States, according to The New Yorker.

➡️ The main irony, the report notes, is that this costly war has produced only a single-page document lacking any technical details.

➡️ Many points are meaningless as written — such as a commitment to "non-aggression" that cannot be verified or enforced — making the pain endured to reach this point truly regrettable.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 14:00]
🇮🇷🇺🇸⚡️ — Trump started the war for personal reasons, not a clear strategy, and is now on the path to losing for those same personal reasons, having deceived only himself, according to The Atlantic.

➡️ The president who always called his predecessors "stupid" and himself "smart" ignored that everyone from Carter and Reagan to Biden was wise enough not to start a major war with Iran.

➡️ Trump demanded Iran's "unconditional surrender" but is now negotiating a deal that meets more of Tehran's demands than Washington's.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 13:58]
🇮🇷🇺🇸🇮🇱⚡️ — New satellite images show Iran rapidly extracting large quantities of missiles from its underground facilities using only bulldozers and dump trucks, neutralizing a strategy that consumed a huge volume of Israeli and American ammunition and casting doubt on Trump's claims of having destroyed Iran's arsenal, according to CNN.

➡️ During the war, joint U.S.-Israeli strikes disabled many underground complexes by blocking entry points, trapping launchers and limiting Iran's ability to fire.

➡️ Iran is now re-accessing those stockpiles with simple engineering equipment, effectively undoing the blockade strategy.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 13:45]
🇱🇧❌🇮🇱 — WATCH: Hezbollah FPV drones continue to strike IDF positions and equipment in southern Lebanon:

First video: FPV drone targets an RPS radar belonging to an anti-drone system of the Israeli army at the newly established Nimr al-Jamal site on the southern Lebanese border (May 23)

Second video: FPV drones target two IDF vehicles at the Israeli Ras al-Naqoura site on the southern Lebanese border (May 25)

Third video: FPV drone targets an IDF excavator in Khiam (May 19)

Fourth video: FPV drone targets a tent used as a staging ground for Israeli forces at the Hadab al-Bustan site on the southern Lebanese border (May 25)

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 13:35]
🇺🇸🇮🇱🇮🇷⚡️ — U.S. sources caution that any advancements in the talks with Iran could be upended quickly if Trump decides to withhold his approval of the proposed MoU, CNN reports.

➡️ Trump is seeking assurances that any agreement would appear stronger than the 2015 Obama-era nuclear deal he withdrew from, while also facing pressure from Republican allies and Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu not to ease pressure on Iran.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 13:23]
🇱🇧🇮🇱⚡️ — Lebanese Prime Minister Nawaf Salam: 
Nothing can justify the ongoing assaults on my regions of Tyre and Nabatieh and the destruction of their historical landmarks, nor the continuous threats targeting our peaceful people there, nor the repeated calls for them to leave their homes and abandon their livelihoods, amounting to collective punishment condemned by all international norms and laws.

This only strengthens our resolve for the necessity of an immediate ceasefire, working toward a complete Israeli withdrawal from our land, and extending the State's authority over all its territories, allowing all the displaced to return to their homes in safety and dignity.

And we continue to rally all Arab and international support to achieve that. For this is our national duty and our unwavering right, on which we will not compromise under any circumstances.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 13:05]
🇺🇸⚡️ — Members of Congress are seeking to block the U.S. Navy from beginning construction of the first nuclear-powered Trump-class battleship until the service proves that key weapons systems are sufficiently mature, TWZ reports.

➡️ The proposed battleships are expected to use advanced systems including railguns, high-power laser weapons, and other directed-energy technologies that lawmakers say remain insufficiently tested.

➡️ The concerns were included in an early draft of the Fiscal Year 2027 National Defense Authorization Act released by the House Armed Services Committee.

➡️ Lawmakers are also pressing the Navy to develop a strategy for future variants of the FF(X) frigate program, including a version equipped with an integrated Vertical Launch System (VLS). The initial FF(X) design lacks a VLS capability, a decision that has drawn criticism and raised questions about the ship’s future combat effectiveness.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 13:08]
🇺🇸🇮🇱🇱🇧⚡️ — U.S. officials have instructed Israel to provide advance warning before carrying out targeted assassinations in Lebanon and expressed opposition to the demolition of buildings during such operations, according to Israeli Channel 12.

➡️ Israel notified Washington ahead of today’s attempted assassination in Beirut targeting Ali al-Husseini, a senior figure linked to Hezbollah.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 13:00]
🇺🇸⚡️ — Vice President JD Vance chest bumps an airman at the Air Force Academy graduation.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 12:53]
🇺🇸⚡️ — Vice President JD Vance at the Air Force Academy: 
If the warfare of the future is to live up to the moral values of our ancestors, decisions over life and death must be made by humans, and not machines.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 12:51]
🇮🇱🇵🇸🇮🇷🇸🇦⚡️ — Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu argued that Arab states, like the UAE, Bahrain, and Morocco, normalized relations with Israel through the Abraham Accords not because of the pathway to a Palestinian state, but because they viewed Israel as a powerful ally against Iran.

“The Abraham Accords with four Arab countries were born not because we went to the Palestinians and said, we recognize a Palestinian country… No, we did not do that,” Netanyahu said. “We made peace for peace, but peace for strength.”

He said regional countries sought alliances with Israel because cooperation strengthened both sides economically and militarily against what he described as a shared Iranian threat, adding that states in the region feared being “conquered by Iran.”

Netanyahu also dismissed concessions toward Palestinian statehood as a sign of “weakness.”

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 12:45]
🇮🇱❌🇵🇸 — Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu endorsed expanding Israeli settlements across what he described as the “Land of Israel,” calling settlement expansion a national mission.

Netanyahu said he and Minister of Settlements Orit Strook had approved new settlements just minutes before his remarks.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 12:43]
🇮🇱⚡️ — Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:
As a result of the oil crisis, the world diversified its energy sources. They found oil in new places and created new supply routes.

That is what is going to happen here as well. I’m already telling you: they will begin searching for energy pipelines that move westward instead of through the Gulf.

And we have an opportunity to be on that route to the Mediterranean. We will see great changes.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 12:42]
🇮🇱🇩🇪🇪🇺⚡️ — Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:
Germany is approaching us because it wants to rebuild its military. 

Its chancellor told us: "You have industries with amazing technologies — we want to partner with you."

80 years after the Holocaust, when we were defenseless and incapable on the soil of Europe, and where a third of our people were killed — Europe now comes to us and wants us to protect them.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 12:40]
🇮🇱🇱🇧🇱🇧⚡️ — Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu on Hezbollah FPV drones:
I went to southern Lebanon six weeks ago, and they showed me an FPV drone that was so small.

I said, "This is a threat," a word that I will not use too much — this is a strategic threat to the country.

This is a global pandemic. We see it between Ukraine and Russia.

We have no doubt that here too we will be the first country in the world to provide solutions.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 12:38]
🇮🇱⚡️ — Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:
If you want tanks, aircraft, submarines, intelligence, and cyber capabilities, you need money. 

And where will the money come from? "Let’s heavily tax the rich"? Thank you very much — everyone will flee from here.

Instead, we chose the opposite approach: free the economy and impose lower taxes on a much larger economic cycle. That is how we generated the resources.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 12:36]
🇮🇱🤝🇮🇳 — Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:
We face delegitimization in much of the world — but not in India. 

In India, there is an absolutely crazy love for Israel, truly crazy. 

I think I have more followers from India than from anywhere else.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 12:35]
🇮🇱⚡️ — Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:
Israel is now approaching $70,000 GDP per capita.

We passed Britain, Germany, Italy — everyone.

We still have a long way to go, but we have already surpassed most Western countries.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 12:35]
🇮🇱⚡️ — Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:
Israel is no longer merely a regional power — it is already a global power. 

And why a global power? Because we possess world-class technologies. 

Today, they see it — in the Gulf and elsewhere. We are now in a position to leverage our power in many directions.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 12:33]
🇮🇱❌🇮🇷 — Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:
We are emerging from this campaign as the strongest power in the Middle East.

We have never been stronger.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 12:32]
🇺🇸⚡️ — Vice President JD Vance at the Air Force Academy: 
I've watched a few highlights of graduation speeches where this or that corporate leader will discuss AI and be met with literal boos. 

Now you can't boo me. I'm the Vice President of the United States.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 12:10]
🇮🇱❌🇱🇧 — Israel Defense Forces:
Hezbollah’s most senior field commanders have been eliminated over the past two weeks.

Approximately 2,500 Hezbollah terrorists have been eliminated since the start of Operation Roaring Lion: 800 eliminated since the start of the ceasefire understandings.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 12:30]
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️ — A U.S. official to Al Jazeera:
We confirm that the United States and Iran have reached a memorandum of understanding on the Strait of Hormuz and nuclear negotiations.

The agreement on a MoU with Iran is awaiting President Trump's approval.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 12:07]
🇮🇱❌🇮🇷 — IDF Chief of Staff Eyal Zamir:
The IDF is prepared to return to intense fighting against the Iranian terror regime if required.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 12:06]
🇮🇱❌🇱🇧 — IDF Chief of Staff Eyal Zamir:
Hezbollah is beaten and is in a survival war for its continued existence. 

Even at this moment — our fighters are crushing it on all its fronts.

Our forces are currently operating in places that I, as a battalion commander, have not been able to reach.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 12:03]
🇮🇱❌🇱🇧 — IDF Chief of Staff Eyal Zamir:
We are constantly responding to the drone threat. The best minds in the IDF and beyond are working on this.

There is progress in the detection effort, and we are improving the interception and protection efforts for the forces.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 11:46]
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️ — An Israeli diplomat to Channel 14:
As far as we know, the agreement has not been approved by President Trump nor by Mojtaba Khamenei. 

If there is any agreement, it is currently still at the lower echelons.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 11:45]
🇺🇸🇱🇧🇮🇱⚡️ — An official source to Al-Hadath: 
The US is making intense efforts to secure a serious ceasefire ahead of tomorrow's Pentagon meeting, with a preliminary meeting held today between Lebanese and American military delegations in Washington. 

If a ceasefire is reached, tomorrow's meeting will address Israeli withdrawal from the south and Lebanese army deployment. 

Washington has expressed surprise at the expanding Israeli incursion, which Tel Aviv considers necessary to protect its northern settlements.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 11:30]
🇮🇱❌🇺🇳 — Israel has frozen ties with the office of Secretary General António Guterres after the UN added Israel to its blacklist of perpetrators of sexual violence in conflict zones alongside Hamas, ISIS, and other armed groups.

➡️ Israeli Ambassador Danny Danon announced there would be “no further contact” with the Guterres’ office and said a planned UN visit had been canceled.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 10:59]
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️ — Iran's Supreme Leader Mojtaba Khamenei has not yet approved the proposed MoU, and therefore President Trump has not approved it either, according to i24NEWS.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 10:40]
🇺🇸🇮🇷🇴🇲⚡️ — U.S. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent: 
The United States Government will not tolerate any effort to impose a tolling system in the Strait of Hormuz. 

Oman, in particular, should know that the U.S. Treasury will aggressively target any actors involved — directly or indirectly — in facilitating tolls for the Strait and any willing partners will be penalized. 

All nations should reject outright any efforts by Iran to disrupt the free flow of commerce. Tehran’s days of terrorizing the region and the world are over.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 10:36]
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️ — NEW: The U.S. and Iran have reached a draft 60-day memorandum of understanding to extend the ceasefire and begin negotiations on Iran’s nuclear program, though Trump has not yet given final approval, according to Axios.

Most terms were finalized by Tuesday, and Iranian negotiators later indicated they had secured the necessary approvals to sign. Trump was briefed on the agreement but told mediators he wanted “a couple of days” to consider it.

The proposed MOU would guarantee unrestricted shipping through the Strait of Hormuz, including no tolls or harassment, and would require Iran to remove all naval mines from the strait within 30 days. In return, the U.S. naval blockade would be lifted gradually as commercial shipping resumes.

The agreement would also include an Iranian commitment not to pursue nuclear weapons, while negotiations during the 60-day period would focus on Iran’s highly enriched uranium stockpile and future enrichment activities.

Under the draft deal, the U.S. would also agree to discuss sanctions relief, the release of frozen Iranian funds, and mechanisms to facilitate humanitarian aid and commercial goods deliveries to Iran.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 09:48]
🇺🇸⚡️ — The Trump administration has been pushing the Bureau of Engraving and Printing to design a $250 bill featuring President Trump's portrait, a move that would make him the first living person depicted on U.S. currency since 1866, when Congress banned the practice by law, WaPo reports.

U.S. Treasurer Brandon Beach and adviser Mike Brown repeatedly urged bureau staff to prepare prototypes and even provided mock-up designs showing Trump’s portrait on the note alongside Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent’s signature. 

British artist Iain Alexander, who created one design, said Trump personally approved elements including American flag colors and a “250” anniversary logo.

Officials at the bureau, including then-director Patricia “Patty” Solimene, warned the proposal was illegal under current law, which only allows deceased individuals on currency, and explained that designing a new denomination could take six to eight years. Solimene was later abruptly reassigned in April, with Brown subsequently becoming acting director.

The Treasury Department said the bureau is conducting “planning and due diligence” in case Congress approves legislation authorizing the note.

Employees also said the bureau agreed to print new $100 bills carrying Trump’s signature — which would be the first U.S. currency signed by a sitting president. Those are currently being printed at the bureau’s downtown Washington facility.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 09:41]
🇮🇱🇵🇸🇱🇧⚡️ — Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:
Israel controls 60% of the Gaza Strip, my directive is to move to 70%. We'll start with that.

We are in a process where we can leverage our power in many directions. 

We will still need to put pressure on Hezbollah; right now we are grappling with Hamas.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 09:39]
🇰🇪🇺🇸🦠 — Kenya has provided written approval for the U.S. to establish a quarantine facility on Kenyan territory for Americans exposed to Ebola, according to Bloomberg.

Tabz - Alternative Media, [28.05.2026 09:36]
🇦🇲🇨🇳⚡️ — WATCH: Armenia displayed Chinese-made CASC Rainbow CH-4B Rainbow combat drones for the first time during its Republic Day parade in Yerevan earlier today, showcasing the drones armed with air-to-ground missiles on transporter vehicles.


Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 20:16]
—❗️🇷🇺/🇷🇴 NEW: Romanian authorities issued alerts shortly before the impact

There are several injuries.

@Middle_East_S

Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 20:15]
—❗️🇷🇴/🇷🇺 BREAKING: For the first time, a Russian drone impacted in the NATO member state Romania, in the small eastern town of Galati

@Middle_East_Spectator

Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 20:08]
Mark my words.

The war will resume before the end of summer regardless of whether an agreement is signed or not.

And if an agreement is signed, it will be of zero benefit to Iran. Any concessions the U.S. does offer, they won’t abide by, not even the release of funds.

Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 16:32]
— 🇺🇸/🇮🇷 NEW: Iran shot down an American drone near Jam, Bushehr Province

@Middle_East_Spectator

Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 16:30]
Join the @atwiree news channel that covers Telegram, Cyber Security, and criminals.

Make sure to check them out: @atwiree 👈

Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 15:58]
— 🇺🇸/🇮🇷 NEW: Fars News confirms missiles were indeed launched at ‘unspecified targets’ in the Persian Gulf

Still unclear if the target was commercial vessels or U.S. warships.

@Middle_East_Spectator

Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 15:54]
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷 NEW: Iran likely launched warning missiles at 4 ships attempting to pass the Strait of Hormuz without prior coordination with the IRGC

Apparently, the missiles were launched from Shahid Chamran missile base in Jam, Bushehr Province.

Note this is still preliminary and no official source has confirmed it yet.

@Middle_East_Spectator

Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 15:44]
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷 NEW: Iran possibly launched an anti-ship missile (or multiple) at American warships or commercial vessels in the Strait of Hormuz, although it is still unconfirmed

The explosion sounds are apparently related to these launches.

@Middle_East_Spectator

Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 15:35]
The cause of the sounds is unknown so far.

Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 15:30]
Local sources…

Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 15:28]
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷 NEW: Initial reports of explosions heard in Hormozgan Province and Bushehr Province, southern Iran near the Persian Gulf

@Middle_East_Spectator

Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 15:16]
— 🇮🇷/🇦🇲 NEW: A clearer image of Iranian ‘Majid’ AD-08 in service with the Armenian Armed Forces

@Middle_East_Spectator

Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 15:07]
— 🇮🇱/🇮🇷 NEW: Hezbollah continues to strike high-value targets inside Israel with FPV drones, including radars and Iron Dome launchers

At least 5 Iron Dome launchers (including one possible decoy) have been successfully hit in Northern Israel within just the past two weeks.

@Middle_East_Spectator

Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 11:22]
— Barak Ravid timeline of Axios reports on an ‘imminent deal’.

@Middle_East_Spectator

Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 10:55]
— 🇺🇸/🇴🇲/🇮🇷 U.S. Treasury Secretary, Scott Bessent: 

‘Oman should know that the U.S. Treasury will aggressively target any actors involved, directly or indirectly, in facilitating tolls for the Strait.’

@Middle_East_Spectator

Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 10:53]
— 🇺🇸/🇮🇷 NEW: ‘Perhaps there is some form of agreement between Araqchi, Witkoff, Qalibaf, Kushner and others — but the Leader of the Islamic Revolution has not granted any approval’ – i24

@Middle_East_Spectator

Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 10:51]
—❗️🇮🇷/🇺🇸 NEW: Iran’s Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Mojtaba Khamenei, has NOT yet approved any agreement with the U.S. – i24

@Middle_East_Spectator

Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 10:40]
Where have I heard this before?

Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 10:37]
— 🇮🇱/🇮🇷 Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu: ‘We must complete the mission in Iran in a way that constitutes a final solution, and I speak with Trump almost on a daily basis regarding this’

@Middle_East_Spectator

Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 10:31]
— 🇺🇸/🇮🇷 Iran’s Foreign Ministry on Axios’ claims regarding the MoU:

‘Nonsense.’

@Middle_East_Spectator

Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 10:23]
Keep recycling the same story & eventually you’ll get it right.

Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 10:21]
— 🇺🇸/🇮🇷 NEW: Barak Ravid of Axios once again claims that a deal between Iran and U.S. is ‘imminent’, with only President Trump still needing to give his final approval

@Middle_East_Spectator

Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 10:18]
— 🇺🇸/🇮🇷 NEW: ‘Satellite imagery shows that Iran has reopened at least 50 access points to 18 underground missile sites that were previously damaged or blocked’ – CNN

@Middle_East_Spectator

Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 10:10]
— 🇮🇱/🇺🇳 Israeli Foreign Minister, Gideon Sa’ar: ‘The UN has once again shown its ugly antisemitic face’

@Middle_East_Spectator

Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 09:59]
— 🇮🇱/🇺🇳 NEW: Israel has sanctioned UN Secretary General Guterres and suspend all ties with him, after the United Nations blacklisted Israel for its use of sexual violence in conflict zones

@Middle_East_Spectator

Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 09:56]
— 🇮🇱/🇮🇷 Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu: ‘Hezbollah’s FPV drones have become a serious threat’

@Middle_East_Spectator

Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 07:28]
—❗️🇮🇱/🇱🇧/🇮🇷 NEW: The assassination attempt has likely failed, according to Hebrew media

In the newest escalation since February, almost all high-profile Israeli assassination attempts failed, including two attempts against Hezbollah’s leader, Sheikh Naim Qassem.

It seems Hezbollah has learnt from the intelligence failures it faced during the 2023-2024 war.

@Middle_East_Spectator

Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 07:26]
Target: Commander of Hezbollah’s missile forces.

Middle East Spectator — MES, [28.05.2026 07:09]
—❗️🇮🇱/🇱🇧 BREAKING: For the first time since the ‘ceasefire’, an Israeli assassination strike in Chouaifet, just within the outskirts of southern Beirut

@Middle_East_Spectator
