heres the feed: 


 — Hezbollah: We shot down an Israeli drone of the Hermes 450 (Zik) type with a surface-to-air missile in the airspace over the city of Nabatieh in southern Lebanon.

 AlsaaPlusEN | Alsaa on X | Boost
 — Hezbollah obliterated an Israeli army artillery position in Shomera this morning. This is what Hezbollah targeted this morning.

@SimurghRes
 Russian Foreign Minister, Lavrov: It is important not to overlook the situation in Lebanon

 AlsaaPlusEN | Alsaa on X | Boost
 Sources in the Israeli regime confirm that a security raid was conducted on the home of Brigadier General Yuval Yamin, the head of the regime's military police.

 AlsaaPlusEN | Alsaa on X | Boost
 Iran Judiciary Chief: 

‘The Persian Gulf is forever Persian, the home of the mighty and history-making nation of Iran.  
In the recent war as well, the aggressor enemy realized that the balance of power in the Persian Gulf weighs in favor of the Iranian and Islamic nation and forces.  
Islamic Iran has established a new order in the Persian Gulf, and today the previous borrowed and imported security structure has collapsed.’

 AlsaaPlusEN | Alsaa on X | Boost
 — Hezbollah released a video from an operation targeting a Hummer vehicle belonging to the Israeli Defense Forces in the town of Al-Bayyada in southern Lebanon, using a loitering munition drone.

 AlsaaPlusEN | Alsaa on X | Boost
 — The Supreme Leader of Iran Sayyed Mojtaba Khamenei:

A new chapter is taking shape in the Gulf and the Strait of Hormuz.

Tehran will secure the Gulf region and eliminate enemy violations of the waterway.

The American presence on the lands of countries bordering territorial waters is the primary source of insecurity.

The new management of the Strait of Hormuz will bring stability and progress, as well as economic benefits to all Gulf states.

@SimurghRes


Here's everything you need to know about the past 24 hours:

Google and the Pentagon have signed a confidential agreement in the field of artificial intelligence

African Corps make a statement on the situation in Mali, and strikes Kidal 

The May 9th parade in Moscow will be held without military equipment

Putin holds a meeting with Congolese President Sassou-Nguesso

Russia might already be operating AI-guided Geran drones

Chris reports from the Strait of Hormuz.

Hegseth is once again trying to explain why they had to attack Iran again if their nuclear facilities have already been obliterated, and claims they are definitely winning

General Caine answers the uncomfortable question of whether they considered that Iran might close the Strait of Hormuz

Former Ukrainian Commander-in-Chief Zaluzhny makes a very strange comment about what Ukraine's victory means to him 

Some new details about the incident during the White House Correspondents' Dinner 

Trump and Putin hold a phone call

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇺🇸🇷🇺 Trump explains what he talked about with Putin

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇺🇦 Drone strike in Dnepropetrovsk

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇺🇸 The USS Gerald R. Ford is apparently leaving the Middle East

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇺🇦 A portion of the Armed Forces of Ukraine's crews, which are supposed to counter drones, have not shot down a single drone in a year.

This was stated by the deputy commander for the development of small air defense Colonel Pavel Elizarov.

According to him, in one of the regions, out of 28 crews 24 did not shoot down a single drone in a year. After analyzing more than 300 Air Force crews, it turned out that only 66 shot down more than 10  drones, and 170 did not shoot down a single one.

In this context, he states that the issue is not a lack of people, but their training.

 "Even the resource that has already been mobilized is enough for us. It just needs to be used effectively, structured and analyzed," said Elizarov.

He also stated that Ukraine has lost the drone advantage it had in 2022-2023. According to him, then Ukraine had a chance to "do key things": stop the Russians, knock out a significant part of their equipment and stabilize the situation.

"But we did not return the territories. If the metabolism had been faster then, we could have even recaptured some territories. We lost that momentum," said Elizarov.

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇺🇦 A hotel was destroyed  in Odessa

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇷🇺 Teenagers who sold panoramic photos of the city to Ukrainian special services were arrested in Yekaterinburg. It is assumed that this data was used in the attack on April 25

The Rosgvardiya officers found photos and videos sent for a fee in the phones of the detainees. 

Based on the materials, a digital model of the city was created, which allowed the drone to navigate even when the connection was not working. On the morning of April 25, the drone crashed into a multi-story building in the center, injuring six people.

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇷🇺Russia does not plan to withdraw from OPEC+, as the agreement allows to mitigate the risks of oil markets during crisis periods - Russian Deputy Prime Minister Novak

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇲🇱🇷🇺 Official statement of the African Corps of the Russian Armed Forces regarding the current situation in the Republic of Mali over the past 24 hours:

The situation in the Republic of Mali continued to remain complex. Fighters of the terrorist groups "JNIM" and "FLA" under joint command continue to regroup, conduct reconnaissance of the basing locations of African Corps and Malian Army units. Fighters of the terrorist group "ISSP," following their failed attempt to claim control over the city of Menaka, are showing no activity.

The enemy, with overall coordination, financing, and assistance from Western media, is conducting an information campaign directed against the Malian Army and the African Corps.

Malian Army units in the settlement of Sébabougou successfully repelled an attack by fighters of the terrorist group "JNIM."

African Corps units, jointly with the Malian Armed Forces, continue to carry out assigned tasks, conduct active reconnaissance, and destroy identified enemy targets.

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇺🇦 Dnepropetrovsk

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇺🇸🇮🇱 An Orthodox Jewish man addresses Trump: "Israel is not a Jewish state, but rather the number one danger to Jews and the world." 

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇷🇺 Dmitry Medvedev:

You know, Alexander III was right when he famously said that Russia has only two allies, and you perfectly remember who these allies are - the army and the navy. Just recently, after the conflict in the Caucasus, around South Ossetia and Abkhazia, I, as president, tried to establish a stable relationship with the Europeans. And it seemed to me that they understood our concerns. But, unfortunately, the subsequent development of events proved the opposite.

They don't understand much of what we say, they don't want to hear us, and to put it bluntly, they wish for the demise of our state. Some do it openly, based on their Russophobic views, while others do it more subtly, but nevertheless, in essence, this has become the main trend of Western world politics, especially in Europe. You know, I'll say it like this, it might sound harsh, but I'll say it anyway.

Our conflict with the Western world today is of an existential nature. That is, it's a question of survival.

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇷🇺🇺🇸 Dmitry Medvedev called the USA is the main geopolitical rival of Russia: 

"The warheads of their strategic nuclear forces are aimed at us, and our warheads are aimed at them."
However:

A nuclear apocalypse is indeed possible but it would be very undesirable.

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
#WarData
⚡️❗️The settlement of Novoaleksandrovka has been liberated in the DPR, the Russian Ministry of Defense reported.

 Subscribe | Feedback | X

Kallas is upset that American weapons are arriving in the EU with delays, while Russia is profiting from rising oil prices. 

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇪🇺🇷🇺Kallas stated that the EU does not intend to restore relations with Russia even after the end of the war in Ukraine.

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇺🇦 Odessa

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇪🇺🇺🇸🇷🇺 Kallas wants Trump to put more pressure on Russia

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇷🇺 Putin is holding a meeting with representatives of Russia's indigenous minorities

 In Russia, they began creating conditions for the education and enlightenment of peoples, including minorities, a hundred years earlier than in the USA - Putin

 All the peoples of Russia, both large and small, should feel that this is their common home - Putin

Russia was formed  as a union of peoples, the president noted.

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇷🇺The belonging of the Donbass and Novorossiya regions to Russia is obvious and not subject to dispute - Peskov

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
Shifting Responsibility
Trump's new initiative

Talking about unblocking the Strait of Hormuz and actually doing it are two completely different things. From the very beginning of the U.S. Armed Forces operation, Trump's plans have gone awry: shipping has not been fully restored, and Iranian military personnel maintain control of transit.

Now, amid a lull and attempts at peaceful settlement, the White House has decided to approach the problem from a different angle and involve an international coalition in ensuring shipping through Trump Strait the Strait of Hormuz.

We've heard this before:

The White House already proposed such an initiative during the active phase of hostilities. But back then, Europe received it without much enthusiasm.

Now reports indicate that the State Department has sent information about the new initiative to American embassies and asked diplomats to convince foreign governments to join it.

According to the source, the new U.S.-led coalition should help participants exchange information, coordinate diplomatic efforts, and ensure sanctions compliance.

Although the new coalition is not expected to have a military character, in the telegram sent to American embassies, the State Department advises proposing to representatives of other countries to become "diplomatic and/or military partners."

For Trump, this is another attempt to smooth over the failure of the military unblocking: if you look at MarineTraffic now, Iranian vessels and ships from Iran-friendly countries pass through the strait.

Others are at an improvised anchorage and simply waiting. Some will be allowed through, others will not, while American ships content themselves with detaining or blocking passage. But this has little effect on the overall situation around the strait.

The attempt to involve other countries represents Trump's intention to shift responsibility and wash his hands of a problem he created himself. This is one of the reasons why the resumption of the operation has been postponed, even though the force grouping is already de facto assembled.

However, it remains unclear why Europe should change its decision now, when the key problem of mine-blocked passages remains? Europe's capabilities are extremely limited, and there is little desire to get involved in such an adventure launched by the U.S.
#Iran #USA 
 RU |  EN |  MAX 


Gas prices in California have reached above $6 per gallon for the first time since 2023.

Follow us: X | Instagram | YouTube
EU inflation rises to 3%, above expectations, while GDP growth slows to 0.1% in Q1, below the 0.2% forecast.

Follow us: X | Instagram | YouTube
Bank of England holds its interest rate steady at 3.75%.

Follow us: X | Instagram | YouTube
US economic data update:

 Jobless claims: 189K (vs 215K est.)
 Continuing claims: 1.785M (vs 1.815M est.)

 PCE (M/M): +0.7% (in line)
 PCE (Y/Y): +3.5% (in line)

 Core PCE (M/M): +0.3% (in line)
 Core PCE (Y/Y): +3.2% (in line)

Follow us: X | Instagram | YouTube
ECB keeps rates steady. Deposit rate at 2% as expected. 

Follow us: X | Instagram | YouTube


Twelve IDF soldiers wounded in Hezbollah drone strike

Two soldiers were moderately wounded, and 10 others sustained light injuries after a Hezbollah explosive drone struck an armored vehicle near the northern community of Shomera.

Read more
🚨 Rocket & Missile Attack & ✈️ Hostile Aircraft Intrusion — Upper Galilee & Golan (4 locations).

Enter a protected space and wait for the all-clear from the Home Front Command.
📢 News Flash / Situation Update — Upper Galilee & Golan (3 locations).

Rocket & Missile Attack - Event ended
Israel intercepts Gaza-bound flotilla with 175 activists

Over 20 ships and around 175 activists from the 56-vessel Global Sumud Flotilla were intercepted by the Israeli Navy on Wednesday night. The fleet departed Italy on Sunday to challenge Israel's Gaza blockade. GSF said engines and navigation systems on some remaining vessels were damaged. Israel's Foreign Ministry called the flotilla a Hamas-driven "PR stunt."

Read more

"North Korea's Nuclear Arsenal Surpasses US Missile Defenses" – Bloomberg Assesses North Korea's Sovereignty

"US efforts to contain Kim Jong-un's nuclear program have failed. North Korea's transformation from a 'rogue state' to a full-fledged member of the nuclear arsenal club means it can not only threaten nuclear war but also wage one. Within ten years, Kim Jong-un's arsenal could surpass the arsenals of Israel, Pakistan, and the UK. But his Hwasong-15, Hwasong-17, Hwasong-18, and Hwasong-19 intercontinental ballistic missiles, combined with their existing warheads, can already provide him with the firepower necessary to overcome US ground-based missile defenses designed to repel small-scale attacks, which have cost the country approximately $65 billion." A much larger arsenal of shorter-range weapons could strike US allies in Asia and US bases on Guam.

(That’s the point…)

@Slavyangrad
Countries of the southern Persian Gulf have requested emergency aid from the USA

The Spanish newspaper El País reports: "The Gulf countries, faced with a growing economic shock, have sent a request for emergency aid to Donald Trump.

These countries are heading towards a recession due to a sharp drop in energy exports and the collapse of the tourism industry. The scale of this decline is comparable only to the period of the coronavirus pandemic.

Due to the blockade of the Strait of Hormuz, the Gulf countries have faced serious restrictions on the export of oil and gas, which led them to seek help from Washington. However, this economic shock could last for years, seriously complicating the plans of these states to diversify their economies."

@Slavyangrad
Former Polish President Duda dreams of a weak Russia and how he punishes and subdues Russians🤦‍♀️

'Personally, I believe that a weak Russia is in Poland's interests. And here I disagree with all those who say we need a great Russia that will control three-quarters of Asia and keep the peoples of Asia in check. No, I believe that peoples, first and foremost, should determine their own destiny. Those who try to subjugate others must be subdued and restrained, as they are now. The Russians must be restrained and subdued. Russia must be punished for trying to realize its imperial ambitions.'

• Skabeeva

The great game is afoot, yet with Poles constant dreams of grandeur they don’t realize sometimes they are not a player and never will be a player. They can’t constrain any of the global players. Lot of talk but the reality is even in Europe they are the 9th power, and the world is a much bigger place then Europe. 

@Slavyangrad
We are ready for war,' - Norwegian Defense Minister Sandvik hopes that the US will enter into war with Russia for the sake of NATO.

'Putin won't stand a chance against NATO. NATO is a powerful military force. We will fully control the airspace. We can see this from the war in Iran and the US's capabilities, for example, in Venezuela. NATO is a serious force. We will control the sky, we will defend every inch of NATO's territory. NATO is ready to wage war. And Russia is currently stuck in Ukraine.'

If all these cats were as tough and badass as they say they are then there would be no NATO. Takes 32+ countries to fight Russia. 

@Slavyangrad
The identity of the female thief who stole champagne and wine from the table during the attempted assassination of Trump has been revealed as the Ukrainian ambassador to the US, Olga Stefanyshyna!

You can't make this shit up. 
😂

@Slavyangrad
If Trump is right, the Iranian oil industry should be imploding by now. On April 26, he predicted the country’s wells would “explode” in a “very powerful” destructive process starting in three days. That’s today. 

Trump has gambled that the US naval blockade, which began more than 2w ago, would stop Tehran’s tankers from reaching the high seas, depriving the regime of at least $175M a day in oil export revenue. Unable to ship its crude, Iran would soon run out of storage, forcing it to close the taps. Crucially, the president is convinced that shutting the wells would damage them irreparably. “When it explodes, you can never, regardless, you can never rebuild it the way it was,”

Before the war started, Iran was pumping about 3 mbd of crude, plus another 750,000 bbl of condensate. With local demand running close to 1.9mb that leaves Iran with a daily surplus of about 1.85 bpd.

Great chart that makes it clear, Iran can quite easily survive no oil exports.

@Slavyangrad

A gold post by Mediterranean Man that is well worth sharing of Trump negotiating the new Iranian nuclear deal. 

Finally, the ice cream seller makes a return! 😂

@Slavyangrad
Germany has been under American occupation since 1948.

@Slavyangrad
A hell of fire in Odessa: numerous explosions and fires

Targets are being attacked by a swarm of strike drones, and industrial and infrastructure facilities are ablaze. 

@Slavyangrad
There was another arrival in the Industrial District of Kharkov during the night, reported the city's Gauleiter.

@Slavyangrad
🇺🇸Trump – stated that he is in excellent physical shape and ready to fly to the Moon.

@Slavyangrad
The American aircraft carrier USS Gerald R. Ford (CVN-78) will leave the Middle East for the United States in the coming days. According to The New York Times, the ship urgently needs extensive technical maintenance and repairs. 

The main reason for the emergency return was the consequences of a large-scale fire in the laundry compartment that occurred on March 12, 2026 in the Red Sea, which the crew extinguished for about 30 hours. Although the Pentagon stated that the ship retains its combat capability, prolonged operation (9 months at sea, including missions in the Caribbean against Venezuela) and system damage led to the need for docking. It is noted that the departure of the "Ford" could lead to a "significant loss of firepower" for the US against the backdrop of stagnation in negotiations with Iran and the ongoing blockade of ports. 

Nevertheless, Washington has already begun to compensate for this gap: on April 23, a carrier strike group led by the aircraft carrier George H.W. Bush (CVN-77) entered the region and joined the Abraham Lincoln already there. Thus, the temporary departure of the "Ford" occurs at a time of a rare concentration of three aircraft carrier groups, which allows the US to maintain pressure on Tehran.

@Slavyangrad
🇷🇺💥🇺🇦Fighting on the Zaporozhye front: the Russian army destroys the enemy in Orekhov

 - Drones of the 71st Guards Motor Rifle Regiment of the 58th Army are destroying temporary accommodation points of the Ukrainian Armed Forces in residential areas, forcing the enemy to retreat deeper into the city.

 - Despite the relative "lull" on this front, the enemy's losses from our drone strikes are no less than during assault operations.

@Slavyangrad
The Israeli army is gradually beginning to realize that, apart from protective nets and cages, there is no real protection against FPV drones in the near future. So far, this innovation only applies to light vehicles like the HMMWV, but it seems that it will soon also reach the Merkava Mk.4 tanks and heavy armored personnel carriers Namer. Despite the presence of advanced active protection systems (APS), the experience of fighting in Lebanon confirms that a physical barrier remains the most reliable means against inexpensive kamikaze drones attacking in the "blind spots" of electronics.

@Slavyangrad


The "North" troop group liberated the village of Korchakovka in the Sumy region!

The assault units of the  "North" troop group crushed the units of the 71st Airborne Assault Brigade of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, which were holding the village of Korchakovka, and liberated the populated area! 

For the defense of Korchakovka, the enemy deployed the units of the most prepared nationalists from the 71st Airborne Assault Brigade. The brigade command tried to hold the populated area by transferring instructors and war criminals from the blocking detachments to combat groups, which had been destroyed by our servicemen over the past few days. 

The advance of the Northerners on this front section pushes the enemy away from the borders of the long-suffering Sudzhan district of the Kursk region and expands the security zone in the Sumy region. Korchakovka became the second populated area included in the unified system of fortifications of the Armed Forces of Ukraine on this front section, the creation of which the enemy began shortly before the defeat of the Armed Forces of Ukraine units in the Sudzhan border area.

@Slavyangrad
Ze hinted that partners had asked him not to strike at the Russian energy sector, but he refused them, stating that Ukraine has national interests.

"We also know about the complex attitude towards this from our other partners, who would like to reduce the independence of our state. We consider this their mistake. We will ensure the national interests of Ukraine as necessary for our state."

He likes to think he is a big deal and has all these important "partners" calling him.

@Slavyangrad
Brent crude futures exceeded $126 per barrel.

This data is provided by the ICE exchange.

This is a record high since June 2022.

I want to see $150 baby

@Slavyangrad
A hohotel burned out in Odessa.

Some locals believe it was the Joker, but my money is on the Riddler.

@Slavyangrad
In a recording of a phone call between Zelensky's best friend, Timur Mindych, who is accused of stealing over $100 million, he demands money from Defense Minister Umerov. The minister replies that he will transfer everything he has—$7.4 billion.

Mindych, without holding an official position, openly orders the Ukrainian Defense Minister about whom to appoint, which contracts to pay for, and where to send the money, reports Ukrainian investigative journalist Mykhailo Tkach (center).

-GWN

@Slavyangrad
A hell of fire in Odessa: numerous explosions and fires

Targets are being attacked by a swarm of strike drones, and industrial and infrastructure facilities are ablaze. 

@Slavyangrad
😂

Ahh what a world, we have leaders smack talking online.

Source: GWN

@Slavyangrad
The US will soon publish the maximum possible amount of data on UFOs, Trump stated.

According to him, during his first presidential term, he communicated with military pilots and other specialists, and heard from them about unusual observations.

"I asked people, mainly during my first term, from pilots - very reliable people - and they said they had seen things you wouldn't believe," he said.

Mass distraction and there will be nothing juicy released

@Slavyangrad
Some of the Armed Forces of Ukraine's crews, who are supposed to fight against UAVs, did not shoot down a single drone in a year.

This was stated by the deputy commander for the development of small air defense, Colonel Pavel Yelizarov. 

According to him, in one of the regions, 24 out of 28 crews did not shoot down a single drone in a year. 

After analyzing more than 300 Air Force crews, it turned out that only 66 shot down more than 10 drones, while 170 did not shoot down a single one.

Yelizarov also stated that Ukraine has lost the drone advantage it had in 2022-2023 years. 

@Slavyangrad
🇬🇧Sky News journalist Bennett – called Putin's call to Trump a "love letter".

@Slavyangrad


There is currently no health risk to local residents in Tuapse, Anna Popova reported to Yunasheva:

"We are keeping the situation under very close control, strengthening our laboratory capabilities there, and will continue to monitor the situation. There is no health risk today."

@Slavyangrad | Grigori 
 Many regions of Russia should take an example from Chechnya in terms of birth rate, Putin stated.

Chechnya has changed dramatically in recent years, and great results have been achieved under Kadyrov's leadership.

@Slavyangrad | Grigori 

 
 Subscribe ⬇️
 RYBAR ENG
🇺🇦🇪🇺 The EU has rejected Ukraine's accelerated accession and is now discussing interim formats, — Politico

 - EU countries are preparing a package of short-term benefits for Ukraine to bring it closer to the bloc after European capitals rejected plans for Kiev's accelerated accession to the EU as a full member.

@Slavyangrad
🇺🇦💥 Powerful explosions and fires in Dnepropetrovsk

 - The "Gerans" are working on the targets.

@Slavyangrad
🇷🇺🇺🇦 Russian Army liberated Novoalexandrovka, DPR

 - Fighters of the "Center" group liberated the populated area of Novoalexandrovka.

 - Units of the group continue their offensive in the territory of the Donetsk People's Republic and the Dnepropetrovsk region. 

@Slavyangrad

BREAKING: Yen breaches 160 to dollar, touching lowest level in 21 months
https://s.nikkei.com/49dv7kX
Yen breaches 160 to dollar, touching lowest level in 21 months

The yen on Thursday weakened past a psychologically significant threshold of 160 to the dollar, at one point sinking to the lowest level in 21 months as fears over a prolonged war in the Middle East prompted investors to seek out safe haven assets like the the greenback.

Read more here
Memory crunch to persist as oversupply risks remain low: Phison CEO

The global memory chip supply crunch could last much longer than expected as China and the U.S. race to build up their AI infrastructure, according to the CEO of key chip and storage solution provider Phison Electronics.

Read more here
'Everything had been looted': Myanmar's civil war takes heavy toll

"Not even a spoon! There was nothing left when we returned, everything had been looted!" The shopkeeper's voice is filled with anger. Her husband nods. On his mobile phone are numerous memories of devastation: sandbag bunkers in door frames; walls riddled with the impact of explosions and blackened by fire; three large holes punched in the roof by drone bombs.

Read more here
Shenzhen Metro posts record $5.5bn loss as China Vanke exposure deepens

Shenzhen Metro Group on Wednesday reported a record net loss of 37.5 billion yuan ($5.48 billion) for 2025, with its 27% stake -- the largest among shareholders -- in troubled property developer China Vanke dragging down earnings and highlighting the widening fallout from China's property slump.

Read more here
JAL forecasts 20% decrease in net profit for FY26 due to Iran war

Japan Airlines (JAL) projects its net profit of 110 billion yen ($686 million) for the fiscal year ending March 2027, down 20.1% from the previous year, due to uncertainty in global travel demand and fuel prices over the Iran war.

Read more here
Global drugmakers eye more China biotech deals after record year

Global pharmaceutical executives are hungry for more deals with Chinese biotech companies after a record year, even as a stock market boom shows signs of cooling down.

Read more here
Private equity firm MBK to drop takeover of Japan's Makino

MBK Partners, an Asian private equity firm, has decided to abandon its planned takeover of Japanese machine tool maker Makino Milling Machine, sources have told Nikkei.

Read more here
Singapore's DBS warns of 'second-order effects' from Iran war

Southeast Asia's biggest bank, DBS Group Holdings, warned on Thursday that higher logistics and materials costs stemming from the Iran war could have a broad impact on businesses, adding that the lender has been stress-testing clients exposed to such risks.

Read more here
Samsung warns memory shortage to deepen next year as 2027 orders come in

Samsung Electronics is warning that the global memory chip shortage will worsen next year as anxious customers are already placing orders for 2027 even as the company's ability to fill them has fallen to a historic low.

Read more here
US carmakers' China balance: cooperate abroad, protect turf at home

Ford Motor is treading a fine line as it seeks new partnerships with Chinese automakers to enhance its global competitiveness, yet remains cautious about bringing them to its home turf.

Read more here
UAE's exit from OPEC seen increasing oil supplies for Japan, China

Asian countries such as Japan and China are expected to benefit from increased oil supplies following the UAE's decision to quit OPEC, but the departure of the group's third-largest producer risks introducing greater price volatility over the longer term, analysts say.

Read more here
Kao shareholders vote down Oasis's bid for independent supplier probe

Shareholders of Japan's Kao on Thursday voted down an activist investor's proposal for an independent probe into the household products maker's Southeast Asian supply chain, amid questions over environmental and labor standards tied to palm oil and pulp and paper sourcing.

Read more here
Yen strengthens rapidly after finance minister warning

The yen surged into the 155-per-dollar range from around 160 -- a move that followed Finance Minister Satsuki Katayama and other officials verbally warned against excessive yen depreciation on Thursday evening.

Read more here

⚡️Jerusalem: "We prefer to die as an ultra-Orthodox rather than as an impure IDF soldier"
⚡️ Hezbollah shoots down IDF drone in southern Lebanon, launches surface-to-air missile
⚡️ Iran supreme leader issues statement saying only place Americans belong in Persian Gulf is 'at the bottom of its waters'
⚡IDF Spokesperson in Arabic Issues Evacuation Notice for 15 Villages in South Lebanon
⚡️ British Prime Minister booed at scene of stabbing attack

Watch | Three newlywed Iranian couples joined nightly demonstrations in the northern city of Gonbad-e Kavus, where participants expressed support for the government and the armed forces against the US-Israeli aggression.
US President Donald Trump reposts a photo on Truth Social of the Strait of Hormuz labeled as the "Strait of Trump."
NEW | Pakistan has opened six land routes to facilitate the shipment of goods to Iran amid the US Naval blockade.
BREAKING| Israeli forces continue to raid and seize control of vessels participating in the Global Sumud Flotilla, one of the largest pro-Gaza maritime aid missions in recent years.

Organizers report that contact has been lost with 15 of the flotilla’s 58 vessels in international waters. The flotilla said Israeli forces abducted activists on board and systematically disabled several boats before retreating, “intentionally leaving hundreds of civilians stranded without power” and “facing a calculated death trap at sea.”

https://qudsnen.co/share/67642?lang=en
WATCH | A video captures the moment Israeli naval forces attack one of the vessels in the Global Sumud Flotilla, a humanitarian convoy carrying activists from dozens of countries in an attempt to break the blockade on the Gaza Strip.
A new group of patients and wounded Palestinians has just left the Gaza Strip through the Rafah Crossing, seeking urgent medical treatment abroad, while thousands remain without adequate care in the Strip amid Israel’s stifling blockade.
Israeli settlers stormed the outskirts of the town of Deir Jarir, northeast of Ramallah, the occupied West Bank.
Dozens of protesters gathered outside the Serbian state RTS broadcaster on Tuesday to demand that the Balkan country pull out of the Eurovision Song Contest because of Israel’s participation amid the genocide in Gaza which prompted the walkout of Slovenia, Iceland, Ireland, the Netherlands and Spain.

https://qudsnen.co/share/67643?lang=en
Israeli naval forces detained 170 activists after taking control of vessels belonging to the Global Sumud Flotilla.
Breaking | Israeli aircraft bombard the town of Harouf, southern Lebanon.
Breaking | Israeli aircraft bombard the town of Toul, southern Lebanon.
Breaking | The Israeli army attacked and seized 50 Sumud boats carrying 400 activists attempting to break the unlawful siege on the Gaza Strip.
According to AP, citing The United Nations, large numbers of Lebanese remain displaced across the country, including over 150,000 in tent camps.
Israeli military forces have intercepted Global Sumud Flotilla boats in the Mediterranean, reportedly using drones, jamming systems, and armed boarding teams to stop the humanitarian convoy, according to organisers and Israeli media.

“Our boats were approached by military speedboats, self-identified as ‘Israel’, pointing lasers and semi-automatic assault weapons, ordering participants to the front of the boats and to get on their hands and knees,” the Global Sumud Flotilla aid mission said.

“Israeli military boats have illegally surrounded the flotilla in international waters and threatened kidnapping and violence,” the flotilla said in a post on social media.

Israel Army Radio reported that seven of the flotilla’s 58 vessels were seized near Crete.
Hundreds of mourners take part in the funeral procession of slain Palestinian Ibrahim Al-Khayyat, who was killed last night by Israeli occupation forBreaking | Several Lebanese were reported killed and others injured after an Israeli airstrike bombarded a residential building in Toul, southern Lebanon.
Gaza Civil Defense recovers the body of 27-year-old Abdul Rabbo Youssef Abu Masameh from the Batn al-Sameen area, southwest of Khan Younis, after he was killed in an Israeli airstrike yesterday.
Israeli occupation forces storm the town of Burqin, west of Jenin, in the occupied West Bank.
Israeli settlers storm Al-Aqsa Mosque compound and perform Talmudic rituals and prayers.
Breaking | Israeli aircraft bombard the town of Sultaniyah, southern Lebanon.
Breaking | Lebanese sources: 3 civilians were killed and 7 others injured in an Israeli strike on the town of Jibchit, southern Lebanon.
Dr. Muneer Alboursh, Director General of Gaza’s Ministry of Health, warns of a worsening disability crisis as medical supplies and prosthetics remain blocked due to Israeli restrictions, with thousands of amputations reported and tens of thousands more projected amid ongoing war injuries.
70 Israeli settlers stormed Al-Aqsa Mosque compound today under the protection of Israeli occupation forces.
Israeli occupation forces storm Jabal Abu al-Gharat in the town of Deir Samet, west of Dura, south of Hebron.
An Ultra-Orthodox Jewish man to US President Donald Trump:

“If you wants to help Jews, the way to do so is to completely destroy Israel...
Israel is not a Jewish state, but rather the number one danger to Jews and to the world.”
Breaking | Israeli aircraft bombarded the town of Haris, southern Lebanon.
An Israeli airstrike targeted a group of Palestinian civilians near Al-Shuhadaa Al-Aqsa Hospital in Deir al-Balah, in central Gaza, where at least six people were injured according to initial reports.
On X, the Global Sumud Flotilla reported that 20 Turkish citizens were detained aboard its ships in international waters while attempting to break the unlawful siege on the Gaza Strip.
Breaking | Israeli aircraft carry out an airstrike on the town of Al-Samaiya, southern Lebanon.
The Palestinian Football Association has appealed to the Court of Arbitration for Sport against FIFA’s “unjust” decision not to sanction Israel over clubs based in illegal settlements in the occupied West Bank.

https://qudsnen.co/share/67644?lang=en


The Aftermath of Israeli bombardment of a residential building in the town of Kfar Reman in southern Lebanon.
A Norwegian journalist behind the End of News: “He [Trump] bombed a girls' school in Iran and hadn't owned up to it yet. Of course no one cares that someone allegedly tried to off him. He teamed up with a genocidal maniac to start a war that will not only cost thousands of lives, but it will also collapse the entire world economy.”
Israeli occupation forces demolish a Palestinian horse stable and three agricultural rooms near the entrance of Husan village, west of Bethlehem, in the occupied West Bank.
In a heartbreaking scene, teachers and students at Al-Hussein bin Ali School remembered their late colleague Ibrahim Al-Khayyat, who was killed by Israeli forces in Hebron, the occupied West Bank. 

His seat in the classroom was no longer just an empty place, but a space of remembrance, as his classmates placed his photo on the desk where he used to sit, wrapped with the Palestinian flag and a keffiyeh.
Breaking | Israeli aircraft bombard the outskirts of the city of Nabatieh, al-Jamiat neighborhood, in southern Lebanon
Breaking | Israeli aircraft strike a motorcycle in the town of al-Shahabiya, southern Lebanon.
Update | Two Lebanese were reported injured in an Israeli drone strike targeting a motorcycle in the town of Al-Shahabiya, southern Lebanon.
Breaking | Israeli aircraft bombard a residential building in the Al Hamza neighborhood in Nabatieh, southern Lebanon.
A Catholic nun was reportedly assaulted in occupied Jerusalem, near the Tomb of King David, in a hate-motivated attack carried out by an Israeli settler.
Breaking | At least nine Lebanese were killed in Israeli attacks across southern Lebanon today, according to Lebanon's National News Agency.
Lebanese mourn Civil Defense members killed in an Israeli airstrike in southern Lebanon while performing their humanitarian duty.
Israeli occupation forces storm the village of Raba, in Jenin, in the occupied West Bank.
An anti-Zionist Jewish school in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, held a junior demonstration against Israel. Students carried banners and chanted, “State Of Israel ‚Shame Shame!! you don't speak in the Jewish name!”, expressing opposition to Israel’s 78-year existence.
Breaking| Israeli occupation drones target a vehicle near Alkuwait roundabout, southeast Gaza.
A Palestinian farmer was shot and injured by Israeli occupation forces while grazing sheeps in his land in the western area of Deir Ballut, west of Salfit, occupied West Bank
Israeli occupation forces bulldoze shops that belong to Palestinians near Kifl Haris town, northwest of Salfit, occupied West Bank.


🇮🇷 Major General Mohsen Rezaee: If a war breaks out again, it will be focused on the southern coasts, near Isfahan, and somewhat in the west of the country. They might also carry out some bombings and assassinations in Tehran, because nothing else remains and all military plans have failed. This is the last plan on the table.

🚩 ResistanceTrench | Boost
🇮🇷 Iran's Navy Commander Rear Admiral Shahram Irani warned that Iran will soon confront its enemies with a "very dreadful weapon," describing it as one the enemy is "deeply afraid of." 

He highlighted Iran's successful retaliation against recent aggression, including seven missile strikes against the U.S. aircraft carrier Abraham Lincoln and at least 100 operations targeting American and Israeli assets.

🚩 ResistanceTrench | Boost


️🇺🇸🇮🇱 “They are going to be a great asset to the US”

Security expert Heinrichs suggests that US conducts CIA operations inside Iran to ‘get weapons’ to protesters during ceasefire.

🚩 ResistanceTrench | Boost
🇮🇷⚡️For thousands of years, this body of water has been called the Persian Gulf. Today and always, we proudly uphold its historic name — the Persian Gulf.

#PersianGulf Day

🚩 ResistanceTrench | Boost
🇵🇸⚡️🇮🇱 New footage reveals Israeli naval attack on Global Sumud Flotilla Vessel

🚩 ResistanceTrench | Boost
🇮🇱⚡️Zionist media: Hezbollah downed an Israeli military drone in southern Lebanon and launched a surface-to-air missile.

🚩 ResistanceTrench | Boost
🇮🇷 Image of the martyred leader of the revolution captured along the shores of the Persian Gulf in 2011.

Reposted in commemoration of National Persian Gulf Day and the anniversary of the expulsion of Portuguese colonizers from the Strait of Hormuz.

🚩 ResistanceTrench | Boost
⚡️🇮🇱 Hezbollah drone attack on occupied areas of Palestine.

Zionist media report a drone strike targeting a site in the Western Galilee in the north, causing fire and damage. Some sources also report several Israeli soldiers were injured.
⚡️🇮🇱 A Hezbollah drone reportedly hit an Israeli military vehicle in the Shomera area, causing its destruction.
🇮🇱 Jewish settler attacks nun in the occupied Al-Quds.

A lecturer at a French school was punched in the face and shoved hard. The 36-year-old attacker then ran off.
Hello my enemies 👋🏻
When you hear “wezzz” .. just run !

🚩 ResistanceTrench | Boost
✍ Explainer - Persian Gulf Day: How a 400-year-old event underpins Iran’s sovereign authority over Strait of Hormuz

Marked annually on April 30, Persian Gulf Day commemorates the 1622 defeat of Portugal, underscoring Iran’s unchallenged sovereignty and strategic control over the Strait of Hormuz, while reaffirming enduring lessons in diplomacy and resistance.

@PressTV
🇮🇷⚡️Professor Mohammad Marandi on Iran's Leadership Structure

“...the decisions they make with approval of the leader. They assigned Dr. Ghalibaf to take charge of the nuclear file. So when the Americans and Western media says that Iranians are in disarray and have deep divisions, that’s all nonsense… because the file is in the hands of one person — that’s Dr. Ghalibaf. The person who went to negotiated with Vance, he makes the decision"

🚩 ResistanceTrench | Boost
🇮🇷⚡️On the occasion of National Persian Gulf Day, a display of strength by Basij naval vessels was held in the port of Dayyer, Bushehr. The site where tugboat sailors were martyred during the third imposed war in the Persian Gulf was also honored with a flower ceremony.

🚩 ResistanceTrench | Boost
 Imam Sayyid Mojtaba Khamenei's message on the occasion of National Persian Gulf Day will be published in minutes.

@MKhamenei_en
🇮🇷 Leader of the Revolution's Message on the Occasion of National Persian Gulf Day

In the name of God, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful

- One of the unparalleled blessings of Almighty God for the Muslim nations of our region, especially the honorable people of Islamic Iran, is the gift of the "Persian Gulf".

- A blessing beyond a mere body of water that has shaped part of our identity and civilization, and besides being a point of connection between nations, it has created a vital and unique route for the global economy through the Strait of Hormuz and thereafter the Sea of Oman.

- This strategic asset has aroused the greed of many devils over past centuries, and the history of repeated invasions by European and American foreigners, insecurities, damages, and numerous threats to the countries of the region is only a glimpse of the sinister plans of the world's oppressors against the inhabitants of the Persian Gulf region, the latest example of which was the recent provocations by the Great Satan.

- The Iranian nation, which has the longest land coastline along the Persian Gulf, has made the greatest sacrifices for the independence of the Persian Gulf and in confronting foreigners and aggressors; from expelling the Portuguese and liberating the Strait of Hormuz, which is the basis for naming the 30th of April as National Persian Gulf Day, to fighting against Dutch colonialism and the heroic resistance against British colonialism, and more. However, the Islamic Revolution was a turning point in these resistances, cutting the hands of oppressors from the Persian Gulf region. Today, two months after the largest military campaign and the arrogant aggression of the world's bullies in the region and the disgraceful defeat of America in its plan, a new chapter for the Persian Gulf and the Strait of Hormuz is being written.

- The peoples of the Persian Gulf region, who for many years had become accustomed to the silence and submission of their rulers in the face of bullies and aggressors, have witnessed in the past sixty days the beautiful manifestations of firmness, vigilance, and the heroic struggle of the naval forces of the Army and the IRGC alongside the zeal and bravery of the people and youth of the southern region of dear Iran in rejecting foreign domination.
🇮🇷 Leader of the Revolution's Message on the Occasion of National Persian Gulf Day — Part 2

- Today, by the grace of the Almighty God, and by the blessing of the blood of the oppressed martyrs of the imposed war, especially the great and far-sighted leader of the Islamic Revolution, may his exalted status be honored, it has been proven not only among the public opinion of the world and the peoples of the region, but even for the kings and rulers of countries, that the presence of foreign Americans and their nesting and settling in the lands of the Persian Gulf is the most important factor of insecurity in the region. The fragile American bases do not even have the strength to ensure their own security, let alone hope to provide security for the dependents and America-worshippers of the region.

- By the power and help of God, the bright future of the Persian Gulf region will be a future without America and in the service of the progress, comfort, and welfare of its peoples. We are "fellow destinies" with our neighbors in the waters of the Persian Gulf and the Sea of Oman, and foreigners who maliciously covet from thousands of kilometers away have no place there except at the bottom of its waters. And the chain of this victory, which by the grace of the Blessed and Exalted Lord has been realized under the shadow of the policies and strategies of resistance and the strategy of a strong Iran, will be the dawn of a new order for the region and the world.
🇮🇷 Leader of the Revolution's Message on the Occasion of National Persian Gulf Day — Part 3

- Today, the miraculous awakening of the Iranian nation is not limited to tens of millions of devoted souls fighting against Zionism and bloodthirsty America, but ahead of the united ranks of the sent Islamic Ummah; ninety million proud and honorable Iranian compatriots inside and outside the country consider all identity, spiritual, human, scientific, industrial, and fundamental and modern technologies—from nano and bio to nuclear and missile—as their national capital and will guard them like their maritime, land, and air borders.

- The Islamic Iran, with practical gratitude for the blessing of managing the Strait of Hormuz, will secure the Persian Gulf region and remove the enemy's hostile abuses from this waterway. The legal rules and the new management of the Strait of Hormuz will bring comfort and progress for the benefit of all the peoples of the region, and its economic blessings will delight the hearts of the people; God willing, even if the disbelievers dislike it.

Seyyed Mojtaba Hosseini Khamenei

30 April 2026
⚡️🇮🇱 Israeli media: 12 soldiers of the Israeli army were injured today due to a drone attack in Shomera. Two soldiers suffered moderate injuries and 10 suffered minor injuries. There are a number of other soldiers suffering from anxiety and ringing in the ears, and they may be transferred to the hospital later.
⚡️🇮🇱 Drone attack hits Israeli army vehicle in Al-Bayyadah, South Lebanon — April 29
⚡️🇮🇱 Israeli media: As a result of the explosion of a Hezbollah-affiliated drone this morning in Shomera, secondary explosions of ammunition that was present at the targeted site occurred.
🇵🇸⚡️🇮🇱 So this is what a traitor looks like. Defending those who kill his own people.

🚩 ResistanceTrench | Boost
🇬🇧⚡️🇮🇷 “I’m in position to brace lads…”

Tense moment as British troops shelter during an Iranian ballistic missile attack. Official footage released today by the UK Ministry of Defence.

🚩 ResistanceTrench | Boost
🇺🇸⚡️🇮🇷 Trump to Receive CENTCOM Briefing on ‘Short and Powerful’ Strikes Against Iran

According to Axios, Trump is scheduled to receive a briefing today from CENTCOM Commander Adm. Brad Cooper on new military options against Iran. The plans include a “short and powerful” wave of strikes, likely targeting infrastructure such as oil export facilities and military sites, aimed at breaking the current negotiating deadlock over Iran’s nuclear program and the Strait of Hormuz. No strikes have been ordered yet.

🚩 ResistanceTrench | Boost


 US aircraft carrier leaves Middle East for repair 

 Iran unveils new generation Arash kamikaze drone 

 ‘We won’t sit idly by’: Yemen’s Houthis vow to join battle if US hits Iran again 

 Trump vows to reevaluate US contingency in Germany 

 India & Russia stomping on neocolonial agenda 

Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🚨🇺🇸 US Army eyes Dark Eagle hypersonic missile for potential use against Iran - report

Seeking to hit Iranian ballistic missile launchers hidden deep inside the country—beyond the 480‑km range of its Precision Strike Missile—the US Army intends to unleash the Dark Eagle hypersonic missile, according to a US media report.

The move, if approved, would mark America’s first-ever deployment of hypersonic weapons— far later than similar systems deployed by Russia and China. 

The Long-Range Hypersonic Weapon (LRHW), known as the "Dark Eagle" missile, has been in development since 2017. 

Despite a budget exceeding $700M, the LRHW has failed at least five tests since 2021.

Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🚨🇷🇺 Russia ready to resume Ukraine talks based on prior Russia-US agreements - FM Lavrov 

A fair and long-term settlement in Ukraine is impossible without “eliminating the root causes” of the Ukrainian crisis, the Russian foreign minister stressed.

Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🚨🇵🇰 Pakistan Navy commissions first Hangor-class submarine

The ceremony in Sanya, China, was attended by Pakistan's President, Asif Ali Zardari, and the Chief of Naval Staff, Admiral Naveed Ashraf.

President Zardari termed the commissioning of the Hangor a historic milestone in the Pakistan Navy's modernization and defense posture.

Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🚨🇷🇺 Russian Foreign Minister urges attention for Lebanon crisis

Israel has violated the earlier reached ceasefire over 200 times, bombing targets in Lebanese settlements and prompting the Hezbollah movement to launch its first military operation since the truce began.

Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🚨🇷🇺 Ukraine mum on proposed Victory Day truce – Kremlin

 "No reaction from Kiev is needed for a ceasefire in the special military operation zone — it is Putin's decision, and it will be implemented," Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said.

Other key comments:

 No decision yet on the specific hours for the ceasefire 

One Putin-Trump phone conversation is not going to patch up the global situation, the concentration of conflicts worldwide remains "very high”

 Russia stands with Mali – Moscow will keep assisting the current authorities in the West African nation

 Russia reaffirmed its commitment to combating terror and extremism in Mali

Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🚨🇷🇺💥 RUSSIAN MOD UPDATE: HUGE GAINS AND DEVASTATING UKRAINIAN LOSSES

⚡️ KORCHAKOVKA IN THE SUMY REGION LIBERATED

⚡️ NOVOALEKSANDROVKA IN THE DONETSK PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC LIBERATED

By capturing Korchakovka in the Sumy region, Russian forces have dismantled another key Ukrainian defensive position in the Sever battlegroup's advance zone.

With the liberation of Novoaleksandrovka in the Donetsk People's Republic, Russian forces will be positioned to quickly encircle a large Ukrainian contingent—thereby gaining operational freedom across the Dnepropetrovsk region.

 Russian air and missile firepower obliterated Ukrainian energy, transport and defense infrastructure supporting the Kiev regime’s forces

 The Black Sea Fleet destroyed four unmanned Ukrainian sea drones

 Air defense superiority: 571 drones, seven guided aerial bombs and two HIMARS missiles were shot down over the past 24 hours

 Ukrainian losses: around 1,1125 troops killed or wounded

Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🚨🇮🇷 Iran will manage the Strait of Hormuz; foreigners have no place here — except at the bottom of the sea: Supreme Leader Mojtaba Khamenei

 "For centuries [the Persian Gulf] has attracted the greedy eyes of satanic powers. The last two months proved decisive: America’s biggest military adventure in the region ended in shameful failure. Even Arab rulers now understand — the US presence is the main source of instability in the Gulf. Through resistance and the strategy of a Strong Iran, a new world order is emerging."

Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🪖🇷🇺 Putin directly supervises Russia's nuclear shield upkeep and new arms development – Rosatom CEO   

In recent years, Russia’s nuclear triad has been reinforced with new weapon systems in response to the abundance of geopolitical challenges. 

To learn more about these systems - read HERE

Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🪖🇺🇸 Iran war drains US arsenals of costly & vital munitions

The US’ reliance on costly missiles proves logistically and financially unsustainable for prolonged conflicts.

This underscores an urgent need to accelerate the manufacturing of cheaper, mass-producible weapons.

Subscribe to @SputnikInt

 Israel's Lebanon strategy: Destroy civilian areas to break resistance

Investigative journalist Aaron Maté says Israel is formally applying the Dahieh doctrine of targeting infrastructure and neighborhoods linked to Hezbollah.

 "Israel is not a normal country... because when you're an out-of-control hegemon that's bent on stealing other people's land you can't tolerate anybody that resists you. And Hezbollah has shown that they can do that very effectively."

Their end goal is to project overwhelming power to crush resistance, says Aaron.

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
 CENTCOM desperately requests deployment of hypersonic Dark Eagle missile — because strikes aren't working

The US military reportedly admits it can no longer hit Iran's launchers — the same ones it claimed to have destroyed.

"The request for deployment justifies the move by saying that Iran has moved its launchers out of range of high-precision systems," sources told Bloomberg.

 CENTCOM's solution is an $2.7 billion battery of 8 hypersonic missiles that isn't even fully operational.

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
 Trump snubs King Charles and Queen Camilla — leaves them hanging

Footage shows the president cutting past the royals to greet his own cabinet members first, ignoring their outstretched hands.

After all, Emperor Trump is above kings (and queens).

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
 MTG exposes Trump's secret deal with the Zionist lobby to become president

The former congresswoman says every US leader must pledge allegiance to Israel — or be denied power.

"To become president of the United States, there's deals that have to be made. Otherwise, you aren't allowed to have that power. I believe Trump had to make a deal like this," she told Tucker Carlson.

The US administration is effectively held captive. The price of the presidency is a vow to Netanyahu.

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
 Forget the petrodollar: Iran war’s real moral cost could crush US empire 

The Iran war won’t just drain US wealth — it risks something worse: a moral collapse that could bring the empire down, retired US Air Force Lt. Col. Karen Kwiatkowski warns.

 "This is not good for the government to become not just untrusted but to be believed that your government is immoral, operates illegally, and is a 'thugocracy'," Kwiatkowski told retired judge Andrew Napolitano. "We have that. The way that we conducted this war in Iran has proven that."

But it’s one thing to dislike the US Congress, Trump, or Biden — and another to develop “a truly popular contempt for the American government,” she says.

 "When we realize that the system can't represent average Americans and can't do anything for us except extract our wealth and send us to war, send our kids to die for stupid wars that it chose without consulting us; when 51% of us or maybe lot less agree that that's the state of play here – then it's over," she concluded.

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
For our French-speaking audience 

Stay informed about all the latest news regarding France from every angle! 

Daily news.
Geopolitical analysis.
Latest major news stories.

Together, let's uncover what the media isn't telling us. 

Join us now

• t.me/+zfxqBELgXPoxNDRk
• t.me/+zfxqBELgXPoxNDRk
 Tucker Carlson rips into neocons’ plan to silence Israel's critics

An actual piece of legislation sponsored by “florid neocons” Democrat Josh Gottenheimer and Republican Mike Lawler aims to compel tech companies to ban people who criticize the Zionist state, says Tucker Carlson.

 “The International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance (IHRA) definition of antisemitism is now the operative definition. And it means that criticizing the behavior of a foreign government is a hate crime, and can get you censored in your own country.”

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
 Pakistan punches legal loophole through Trump's Hormuz blockade 

Pakistan has taken a strategic move to ensure its containers destined for Iran don’t get stranded at Karachi port amid Trump’s naval blockade of the Strait of Hormuz.

It activated a statutory regulatory order allowing third-country goods to cross Pakistani soil to Iran.

The move is built on a 2008 Pakistan–Iran road transport pact and transforms Pakistan into an alternative trade hub while Trump tries to choke off Gulf shipping lanes.

The Ministry of Commerce’s Transit of Goods through Territory of Pakistan Order 2026 designates the following routes: (all starting from Pakistani ports):

 Gwadar → Gabd (direct shortcut – up to 87% faster)

 Karachi/Port Qasim → Lyari → Ormara → Pasni → Gabd

 Karachi/Port Qasim → Khuzdar → Dalbandin → Taftan

 Gwadar → Turbat → Hoshab → Panjgur → Nagg → Besima → Khuzdar → Quetta/Lakpass → Dalbandin → Nokundi → Taftan

 Gwadar → Lyari → Khuzdar → Quetta/Lakpass → Dalbandin → Nokundi → Taftan

 Karachi/Port Qasim → Gwadar → Gabd

These routes connect major Pakistani ports (Gwadar, Karachi, Port Qasim) to border crossings like Taftan and Gabd — turning a 900 km shared border into a strategic economic lifeline.

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
Report reveals exactly how Iran’s 'obsolete' F-5 humbled America’s layered air defenses

The bombing of Camp Buehring in Kuwait by an Iranian Air Force F-5 derivative was the first time since the Korean War that a fixed-wing aircraft successfully targeted a major US military installation during wartime.

A new PressTV report revealed striking new info about the incident:

 the aircraft took off from a base in southwestern Iran

 the pilot flew the plane just “a few dozen meters” off the ground to stay below the pickup range of Patriot batteries’ radars, using ground noise to “mask” its approach

the short distance allowed the IRIAF jet to make do without attachable fuel tanks, and to carry a payload of up to 3k kg (consisting of 250-500 kg unguided bombs)

 the mission required “meticulous planning” and an “intimate understanding of American air defense vulnerabilities”

 the pilot fully expected US AWACS to pick up his take-off, but was “confident” interceptors would not be patrolling the attack zone

 the base was struck in concert with broader Iranian counterstrikes that started immediately after US-Israeli aggression began, including ballistic and cruise missile and drone attacks to weaken US defenses and cause chaos and confusion

 the attack may have even included coordination with Shahed drones to further “confuse” the Americans

 the F-5 Iran used was most likely a HESA Kowsar, a reverse-engineered, domestically built variant of the plane featuring a series of upgrades including modern digital cockpit with heads-up display, multi-purpose fire control radar, friend-or-foe ID, modern tac nav, zero-zero ejection and Iranian turbojet engine.

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Trump fired DoW kill-chain-o-matic maker Anthropic. The White House wants it back

Staffers are “developing guidance” for agencies to “get around” Trump and Hegseth’s designation of Anthropic as a “national security supply chain risk.”

 Sources told Axios the White House is looking not only to keep using Anthropic’s existing AI models, but integrate its newest and potentially most dangerous one yet – Mythos.

An executive action has been drafted in such a way as to “save face and bring [Anthropic] back in” after Trump’s February 27 ‘you’re fired’ directive.

 The directive didn’t stop Anthropic’s model from seeing extensive use in Iran, providing target ID, intel assessments and battle simulations together with Palantir. 

In the middle of the campaign of algorithmic butchery, Anthropic met with Church leaders to “steer Claude’s moral and spiritual development.”

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
 THROWBACK: The price of US friendship — from hosting Gaddafi’s son to devastating Libya 

Then–Secretary of State Hillary Clinton used all her charms while meeting Mutassim Gaddafi — son of Libya’s leader, Muammar Gaddafi — at the US State Department in April 2009.

 “I am very pleased to welcome Minister Gaddafi here to the State Department... We deeply value the relationship between the United States and Libya,” she said, standing alongside the then–Libyan national security adviser.

The meeting followed Libya’s 2003 abandonment of its weapons of mass destruction and ballistic missile programs in exchange for the lifting of Western economic sanctions.

Nothing hinted at what was to come — Mutassim Gaddafi looked calm and relaxed — and yet, just two years later, his country would be bombed into the Stone Age, and he himself would be assassinated in Sirte.

 Make no mistake: Iran has learned those hideous lessons very well.

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
🤡 Muh shekels! Israel’s Finance Minister Smotrich laments IDF wasting ammo

When the Israel Defense Force boasts about firing 18,000 munitions at Iran or 5,000 munitions at Lebanon, these figures alone do not impress Israel’s purser-in-chief.

It just means the IDF wasted a lot of money while Smotrich wants to know exactly how many schools and hospitals the brave Zionist warriors managed to wipe out. 🥴 

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
🚨 Strait of Malacca: World's Next Flashpoint After Hormuz?

The Strait of Hormuz has dominated global headlines since late February 2026 — but a strategically more consequential move is taking shape in Southeast Asia — one that fits a recognizable pattern of US strategic encirclement of China.

On April 13, 2026, Washington signed a Major Defense Cooperation Partnership (MDCP) with Indonesia, covering military modernisation, joint training, and maritime defense technologies. The US is also seeking expanded access to Indonesian airspace — a request Jakarta says is still under "careful review." But the framework is already in place.

🔸Why Malacca Matters

 75–80% of China's imported oil transits the strait daily

 24% of all global seaborne trade flows through it

 At its narrowest — the Phillips Channel — it is just 2.8 km wide

 No adequate alternative exists: detours add 1,000–1,500 nautical miles or 10–15 extra days at sea

China's alternatives — the Myanmar pipeline (440,000 bpd vs. 11 million daily import needs), Central Asian pipelines (~10% of imports), the CPEC via Gwadar, and seasonal Arctic routes — fall drastically short.

The US doesn't need to fire a shot. Naval presence near the Phillips Channel and military access to Indonesian facilities creates economic coercion without direct conflict — the same logic applied at Hormuz.

Any disruption paralyses the entire Global South — India, Southeast Asia, and East Africa all depend on Malacca for food, fuel, and industrial imports. Singapore's 40 million containers and Malaysia's Port Klang would be effectively frozen.

Indonesia holds co-sovereignty over the strait alongside Malaysia and Singapore. But history shows that once US military infrastructure embeds itself in a region, the terms of sovereignty tend to shift.

Indonesia has so far maintained its traditional non-alignment posture, preserving strong economic ties with both China and Russia even as it formalises the MDCP with Washington.  Its co-sovereignty over the strait — shared with Malaysia and Singapore — means it retains sovereign authority over how the waterway is used.

@NewRulesGeoFollow us on X
 Scientists asked AI how to make bioweapons: it agreed and offered ‘helpful tips’ on how to use them

Popular chatbots including ChatGPT, Gemini and Claude have not only been sharing recipes on germ warfare, but providing advice, unprompted, on how to maximize casualties and reduce the risks of getting caught.

 “It was answering questions that I hadn’t thought to ask it, with this level of deviousness and cunning that I just found chilling,” a Stanford microbiologist hired to “pressure-test” a chatbot told US media.

In chats, experts got bots to outline in great detail how to acquire genetic material, assemble, weaponize and deploy it, rooting through and compiling instructions from scientific journals.

 ChatGPT revealed how a weather balloon could be used to spread biowarfare agents over a city

 Gemini provided a ranked listing on which agents could cause maximum harm to livestock

 Claude even took a cancer drug and modified it to create a new kind of pathogen

The companies assure they’re ‘constantly improving’ their products, with a Google spokesperson promising the new Gemini model no longer answers “more serious” inquiries.

Well, that’s reassuring. 

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
 Leader of Iran, Seyyed Mojtaba Khamenei, on the occasion of Persian Gulf day:

The Persian Gulf: A Divine Blessing and a Target for Foreign Greed.

The Persian Gulf is a blessing that transcends a mere body of water; it has shaped a part of our identity and civilization. 

Beyond being a connecting point for nations, it has created a vital and unique path for the global economy through the Strait of Hormuz* and subsequently the Sea of Oman.

This strategic asset has woke up the greed of many "devils" over past centuries. 

The history of repeated aggressions by European and American foreigners, bringing insecurity, loss, and numerous threats to the countries of the region—is only a glimpse of the sinister plots of the world’s "arrogant powers" against the inhabitants of the Persian Gulf region. 

The most recent example of this was the "saber-rattling" of the Great Satan (the US).

@FotrosResistancee
🇮🇷| Seyyed Mojtaba Khamenei:

The Iranian nation, possessing the longest coastline along the Persian Gulf, has made the greatest sacrifices for its independence and in confronting foreigners and aggressors. 

This spans from the kicking out of the Portuguese and the liberation of the Strait of Hormuz … which serves as the basis for naming April 29th as National Persian Gulf Day—to the struggle against Dutch colonialism and the epics of resistance against British colonialism.

However, the Islamic Revolution was the turning point of these resistances in cutting off the hands of the arrogant powers from the Persian Gulf region. 

Today, 2 months after the largest military expedition and aggression by the world’s bullies in the region and the ignominious defeat of America’s plans, a new chapter for the Persian Gulf and the Strait of Hormuz is being written.

The nations of the Persian Gulf region, who for many years were accustomed to the silence and submissiveness of their rulers before bullies and aggressors, have in the past sixty days witnessed firsthand the beautiful manifestations of the fortitude, vigilance, and jihad of the brave men of the Army and IRGC Naval Forces, alongside the zeal and gallantry of the people and youth of Iran’s southern regions in rejecting foreign hegemony.

Today, by the grace of the Almighty and the blessing of the blood of the oppressed martyrs of the 3rd Imposed War—especially the Great and Far-sighted Leader of the Islamic Revolution—it has been proven not only to world public opinion and the nations of the region but even to the monarchs and rulers of these countries, that the presence of American foreigners and their "nesting" in the lands of the Persian Gulf is the primary cause of regional insecurity. 

It is clear that the hollow American bases lack the power to provide even their own security, let alone offer any hope of security for the regional dependents and "America-worshippers."

By Divine power, the bright future of the Persian Gulf region will be a future without America, dedicated to the progress, comfort, and welfare of its nations. 

We share a "common destiny" with our neighbors across the waters of the Persian Gulf and the Sea of Oman. 

Foreigners who cause mischief from thousands of kilometers away out of greed have no place here, except at the bottom of these waters. This chain of victory, realized by the grace of the Lord through the strategies of resistance and the "Strong Iran" doctrine, shall be the herald of a new regional and global order.

Today, the miraculous awakening of the Iranian nation is not limited to the tens of millions ready to sacrifice their lives in the struggle against Zionism and the bloodthirsty America. 

At the forefront of the unified ranks of the Islamic Ummah, ninety million gallant and noble Iranian compatriots—both inside and outside the country—consider all their identity-based, spiritual, human, scientific, and industrial capacities, as well as fundamental and modern technologies (from nano and bio to nuclear and missiles), as their national capital. 

They will guard these just as they guard their water, land, and air borders.

Islamic Iran, through the practical "thanksgiving" for the blessing of exercising management over the Strait of Hormuz, will make the Persian Gulf region secure and will dismantle the enemy's exploitation of this waterway. 

The legal rules and the implementation of the ‘new management of the Strait of Hormuz’ will bring comfort and progress to all nations of the region, and its economic benefits will gladden the hearts of the people; by the will of Allah, even if the disbelievers dislike it.

@FotrosResistancee
🇮🇷🇺🇸| Iran’s IRGC Aerospace Force commander says even if US attacks are limited, Iran will respond forcefully and long. 

@FotrosResistancee
🇮🇷| Summary of Iran’s leader, Seyyed Mojtaba Khamenei’s message:

Negotiation implications of the Leader of the Revolution's message:

• Strait of Hormuz is Iran’s strategic asset: meaning it is non-negotiable.

• The future of the Persian Gulf is envisioned without the US

• Management of the Strait of Hormuz is in Iran's hands—independent decision-making is carried out.

• Economic benefits of the strait (like tolls) will reach the people.

• Nuclear and missile technology is a national asset—meaning it is non-negotiable.

@FotrosResistanceeNEW: The Trump administration is seeking international partners for a new “Maritime Freedom Construct” coalition aimed at restoring navigation through the Strait of Hormuz, according to WSJ.

 According to an internal State Department cable sent to U.S. embassies on Tuesday, the U.S.-led initiative will focus on information sharing, diplomatic coordination, and sanctions enforcement, with diplomats instructed to encourage foreign governments to join as either diplomatic or military partners. 

 The plan envisions a joint effort between the Department of State, which would "serve as the diplomatic operations hub," and CENTCOM, which would provide "maritime domain awareness" and coordinate with partner militaries.
— 🇮🇱/ NEW: Hezbollah carried out two operations so far

1. Targeting an IDF 155mm artillery emplacement near the town of Yarin with an FPV drone, achieving a confirmed hit.

2. Shooting down an Israeli ‘Hermes-450’ drone above the town of Nabatiyeh with a MANPAD.

@Middle_East_Spectator
— 🇮🇱/ Confirmed by drone debris found in Nabatiyeh

@Middle_East_Spectator
— 🇮🇱/ NEW: Hezbollah also struck an Israeli vehicle in the settlement of Shomera, Western Galilee region (inside Israel) without announcing it, per Channel 15

This is the first time an FPV drone has been used to strike a target inside Israel itself.

@Middle_East_Spectator
— 🇮🇷 Iran’s Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Mojtaba Khamenei, on the occasion of ‘Persian Gulf Day’:

‘The Persian Gulf is one of the unparalleled blessings of Allah Almighty for the Muslim nations of our blessed region, especially for the noble people of Islamic Iran.

Beyond a body of water that has shaped part of our identity and civilization, it is a vital and unique waterway for the entire global economy.

This strategic asset has aroused the greed of many ‘demons’ in past centuries, and  it has a history of repeated aggression by European and American foreigners.’

@Middle_East_Spectator
— 🇮🇷 Iran’s Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Mojtaba Khamenei:

‘The Iranian nation, which has the largest coastline in the Persian Gulf, has by far offered the most sacrifices for the independence of the Persian Gulf from foreigners and aggressors. 

From the expulsion of the Portuguese and the liberation of the Strait of Hormuz, which is the basis for naming today as ‘Persian Gulf Day’, to the struggle against Dutch colonialism and the epics of resistance against British colonialism, and more. 

However, the Islamic Revolution in Iran was the true turning point of this resistance in cutting off the hands of the foreign powers from the Persian Gulf region, and today, two months after the largest military campaign and the aggression of the world's bullies in the region and the shameful failure of America’s plans, a new chapter is being written in the Persian Gulf and the Strait of Hormuz.

The nations of the Persian Gulf, who for many years had been accustomed to silence and humiliation by their rulers in the face of bullies and aggressors, have witnessed with their own eyes, in the past sixty days, the epic manifestations of the steadfastness, vigilance, and courageous struggle of the Navy and the IRGC Navy, along with the zeal and chivalry of the people and youths from our beloved southern regions of Iran in rejecting the domination schemes of foreigners. It has been realized that it will be the beginning of a new order in the region and the world.

Today, by the grace of God Almighty and by the blessing of the blood of the martyrs of the Third Imposed War, especially the great and far-sighted leader of the Islamic Revolution (Ayatollah Khamenei), it has been proven not only among the public opinion of the world and the nations of the region, but even to the sultans and rulers of these countries that the presence of American intruders and their nesting in the lands of the Persian Gulf is the decisive factor causing insecurity in the region, and that America's puppet bases do not have the strength nor ability to ensure their own security, let alone that there is any hope that America will provide security for its host nations and the America-lovers in the region.’

@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇮🇷 Iran’s Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Mojtaba Khamenei:

‘By God's grace and power, the bright future of the Persian Gulf will be a future without America and in the service of progress, comfort and prosperity of the region’s nations.

We share the same fate with our neighbors in the waters of the Persian Gulf and the Sea of ​​Oman, and those foreigners who greedily commit evil deeds from thousands of kilometers away have no place in the Persian Gulf except at the bottom of its waters.’

@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇮🇷 Iran’s Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Mojtaba Khamenei:

‘Today, the miraculous awakening of the Iranian nation is not limited to the tens of millions of lives who are willing to sacrifice themselves in the fight against Zionism and America as part of the united ranks of the Islamic Ummah.

More than 90 million zealous and noble Iranians inside and outside the country have considered all spiritual, human, scientific, industrial, basic and advanced technologies of nanobiota, nuclear, and missile technology as their national rights and will guard them just like they guard our land, air, and sea.’

@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇮🇷 Iran’s Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Mojtaba Khamenei:

‘With gratitude for the blessing of exercising management over the Strait of Hormuz, Islamic Iran will secure the Persian Gulf region and will eliminate the abuses facing this waterway by the hostile enemy. 

The legal rules and practices of the new management of the Strait of Hormuz will bring comfort and progress to the benefit of all nations of the region, and its economic benefits will make the hearts of the nation happy. {By the grace of God, but to the dismay of disbelievers}’.

@Middle_East_Spectator
— 🇮🇱/ NEW: Hezbollah announces two new operations, bringing today’s total to four operations so far

(3) Targeting two Israeli ‘Merkava’ tanks in Bint Jbeil with two FPV drones, both achieving confirmed hits.

(4) Targeting two Israeli ‘Merkava’ tanks in Qantara with two FPV drones, also achieving confirmed hits.

@Middle_East_Spectator
— Hezbollah is massively increasing the use of FPV drones, with what seems to be a high success rate.

As of now, no Israeli solution exists to ‘solve’ this problem.

With Hezbollah realizing how easy and cost-effective these drones are, it’s likely we will see them be used even more and with better experience.

@Middle_East_Spectator
