heres the feed: 



 — President Trump via Truth Social:

Iran can’t get their act together. They don’t know how to sign a nonnuclear deal. They better get smart soon!

 AlsaaPlusEN | Alsaa on X | Boost
The US Senate, led by Republicans, blocked the Democrats' attempt to prevent Trump from taking military action against Cuba without Congress's approval.

@Intelslava
 Palestinian Ministry of Health in Gaza:
Daily statistical report on the number of martyrs and injured due to the "israeli" aggression on the Gaza Strip

5 martyrs (including 1 retrieved martyr) and 7 injuries have arrived at Gaza Strip hospitals in the past 24 hours.

A number of victims are still under the rubble and on the roads, as ambulance and civil defense crews are unable to reach them until now.

The toll of the "israeli" aggression has risen to 72,599 martyrs and 172,411 injuries since October 7, 2023.

Since the ceasefire (October 11, 2025): Total martyrs: 823, Total injuries: 2,308, Total retrievals: 763

Ministry of Health
April 29, 2026

 AlsaaPlusEN | Alsaa on X | Boost
Hezbollah destroyed two Merkava tanks in the town of Quneitra in two surprise attacks.

 AlsaaPlusEN | Alsaa on X | Boost
❗️Delivering information on the SMO, military analysis of exceptional quality and the wider geopolitical and cultural aspects associated with current global events. 

It will be interesting. We are here thinking.

Subscribe at t.me/two_majors

Learn the truth from the Two Majors.
 — Hezbollah: In defense of Lebanon and its people, and in response to the Israeli enemy’s violation of the ceasefire and attacks targeting villages and the demolition of homes in southern Lebanon, the fighters of the Islamic Resistance targeted at 17:00 yesterday, Tuesday, April 28, 2026, two Merkava tanks in the town of Al-Qantara using two strike drones, achieving a confirmed hit.

 AlsaaPlusEN | Alsaa on X | Boost
🇮🇱⚡️IOF Deputy Commander Boaz Tamam went to Lebanon with two legs, came back with one.

Rambam Hospital just discharged him after one month, now off to rehab at Tel Hashomer. Meanwhile, Rambam Hospital still treating 107 IOF wounded from the Lebanon fighting.

 AlsaaPlusEN | Alsaa on X | Boost
 — Office of the Prime Minister of Pakistan: The Prime Minister affirmed the continuation of efforts to achieve a ceasefire and establish peace in the Middle East.

– Our recent efforts have contributed to extending the ceasefire between Washington and Tehran.

– Diplomatic contacts with Iran are ongoing.

 AlsaaPlusEN | Alsaa on X | Boost
 — An Iranian security source told Press TV: The Iranian Armed Forces believe that patience has its limits, and that a painful response has become necessary if Washington continues its blockade.

🔹 The restraint shown by the Armed Forces was intended to give diplomacy a chance and to allow Washington time to understand Iran’s conditions.

🔹 If U.S. stubbornness continues and Iran’s conditions are rejected, the enemy should soon expect a different kind of response to its blockade.

 AlsaaPlusEN | Alsaa on X | Boost

National Centre ‘Russia’ hosts Day 2 of the II Open Dialogue ‘Future of the World’ in Moscow

102 authors from 43 countries, selected from 1,600 submissions, are pitching ideas on economy, demography, tech and global growth

'Here, exciting, promising ideas are beginning to take shape' — President Putin
Trump tells Iran to 'get smart soon'
'Israel is killing children every day...

I was there, I am a citizen of Israeli apartheid'

Woman disrupts Israeli Ambassador Ron Prosor’s speech in Leipzig

Video: eye.on.palestine
Japanese sake made IN SPACE sells for $700,000 per just 100ml

The end goal of 'DASSAI MOON Project' is to brew sake on the MOON
Netanyahu says Israel destroyed a 'massive Hezbollah tunnel'

'We are destroying their terrorist infrastructure'

'We are killing dozens of terrorists and we are not done yet'
'On my way to Brussels...

We know our task: we will bring home the EU funds that Hungarians are entitled to' — Peter Magyar 

What will Brussels demand for that?
President of Congo Denis Sassou Nguesso takes part in wreath laying ceremony at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Moscow
Columbian man SCAMMED by Ukrainian military recruiters

He only got paid for his travel to Ukraine, but was promised $5230 monthly, mother told RIA

The mercenary was killed by a drone at a training camp, just 2 months after his deployment
Russia's T-72 named WORLD'S BEST TANK — National Interest 

Outlet says tank ‘meets all criteria of effectiveness’ — widely used, easy to operate and ‘very cheap’ 

Not just meta in War Thunder — ‘best in the world’ IRL too
Pentagon holds up $400M in military aid to Ukraine

Aid approved by Congress months ago is stuck inside the Pentagon, Senator McConnell told Washington Post

He claims ‘aiding Ukraine is an investment in security for the US’ though Pentagon won't explain the reasons for the delay
Russian FSB detains Crimea resident planning terrorist attacks on orders of Ukrainian special services

Video: FSB
Tokyo teen runs FAKE engagement farm with 1000+ phones

‘I can instantly increase any metric,’ 18-year-old says after boosting post views by 8,000 in under a minute

Dead Internet Theory? Just a high school kid's side hustle

Source: ASAHI SHIMBUN

Video: some3ccom on YT
Japan's PM Takaichi CONFIRMS that Japanese vessel has safely passed through Strait of Hormuz today after talks with Iran

Japan views this as a 'positive development'
'Extensive and intense work is underway' to minimize consequences of Kiev's attacks on Russia's Tuapse oil refinery — Kremlin spox 

'Hundreds and hundreds of specialists' are involved 'who are heroically combating the consequences of these terrorist strikes'
Decision to leave OPEC is a sovereign decision of the UAE, we respect it — Kremlin spox Peskov

‘We welcome statements made by Abu Dhabi that the UAE will continue its responsible position on energy markets’'IRANIANS ARE IN THE FAR STRONGER POSITION

It's the Americans who are begging for negotiations

It's not the Iranians' 

Judge Andrew Napolitano, host of 'Judging Freedom' podcast, to RT

'Public will react at the voting booth in November to the adverse consequences of this war'
❗️ Hours after Zelensky's spat with Israel, Ukrainian media leaks private talks between Zelensky's bagman Mindich and top officials

'I spoke with Vova before Shabbat... He says this is all a clusterf*ck,' Mindich says in Russian, clearly referring to Zelensky

Key info ⬇️
Zelensky and his inner circle unhappy with Ukraine's anti-corruption agency NABU for targeting them — leaked Mindich conversations reveal

In summer 2025, Zelensky tried to bring all anti-corruption bodies under his control

But the EU pushed back, and Zelensky backed down
Zelensky built lavish mansions for himself & his circle in elite community with funds of unknown origin — Mindich confirms

Mindich notes a fence now separates him from 'Vova' and warns they must quickly transfer ownership

The homes now belong to completely different people
Despite no legal ties, Zelensky's bagman Mindich directly connected to Ukrainian firm Fire Point known for making faulty missiles — leaks reveal

Mindich is heard pressing then-Defense Minister Umerov to speed up funding

Despite scandals, Fire Point keeps landing gov contracts
Almost everyone in leaks either left Ukraine or resigned — except Zelensky

His wallet Mindich fled to Israel

Right-hand man Yermak resigned

Key ally Umerov was fired as defense minister

Close friend Chernyshov is on trial

Zelensky alone remains pure and blameless... so far
Around 200 Chihuahuas BURNED TO DEATH in a kennel fire in Nizhny Novgorod, Russia
Knife attack leaves two British Jews wounded outside a London synagogue

Suspect immediately subdued with a taser and arrested

Stabbing victims hospitalized — investigation ongoing
1.2 MILLION PEOPLE IN LEBANON ARE DISPLACED — Tommaso Della Longa, IFRC spox

He says int community can help, but IFRC receives only 12.5% of funds they're asking for

‘People are living in the streets, situation is really complicated’
❗️ Ukraine requests Israel to ARREST Russian vessel at Israel's port

'This is not Twitter diplomacy' — Ukraine's FM Sybiga
ASSASSINATION ATTEMPT FOOTAGE: homeowners association hires hitmen in Yekaterinburg

A resident who complained about management was allegedly lured out and brutally attacked

He survived and made it to police. Suspects have been detained and charged with attempted murder

Video: Ren TV
Japan and Egypt team up to revive US-Iran talks

During their phone talks, PM Takaichi pushed for de-escalation and restoring safe navigation through the Strait of Hormuz, while President el-Sisi said Egypt will continue its mediation efforts
Dozens of anti-draft Haredi Jews 'BREAK INTO IDF's military police chief’s home WITH FAMILY INSIDE' — The Times of Israel

25 arrested, including minors 

Netanyahu and top officials condemn incident as crossing a 'DANGEROUS RED LINE'

'Violent criminals must face full severity of the law'

RUSSIA AND CHINA BACK IRAN, it can access oil through the Caspian Sea — economist Richard Wolff

‘Dire notion that Iran can't withstand all of this is a BIG mistake’

Meanwhile, US struggles to even keep its allies
Germany's Merz admits he studied Zelensky's mistakes before his own White House visit

When Trump said something he didn't like, Merz just calmed himself and thought: no point in arguing

'I looked at those who did that, and it didn't work out very well for them'

Source: Der Spiegel
Putin greets Congolese Pesident Denis Sassou Nguesso in the Kremlin
You can now CLONE your ex and keep chatting

ex.skill lets users feed in WeChat or iMessage history to generate a digital persona that talks like them

Breakups basically got a software update

Image is AI-generated
❗️WARNING GRAPHIC

Alleged moment man starts stabbing attack 'targeting Jewish people' outside north London synagogue
Russian President Putin greets President of the Republic of the Congo Denis Sassou Nguesso

'We are very glad that you chose Russia as the first foreign country you're visiting after being re-elected'
We started the state visit to strengthen the relations between our countries — Congo Republic President Denis Sassou Nguesso

'These ties of solidarity and cooperation are bringing us together in many areas, such as security, defense, and the economy'
Israel blasts 'growing incitement' against Jews in UK after knife attack near London synagogue

Deputy FM Sharren Haskel calls on British government to 'take stronger action to protect Jewish communities'
Congressman Crawford calls Senator Sanders COMMUNIST, because he visited USSR

'He is a threat to national security'
EU not happy with Portugal's PM for backing invitation for Putin to G20

Luís Montenegro said Russia's leader should be at the table, arguing dialogue is necessary, but his remarks have sparked backlash across Europe

The US is set to host the G20 summit in Miami in December 2026

Source: Politico
Knifeman tiptoes behind Jewish victim before launching stabbing attack in new north London footage

'HELP'
'Our view of the world is shaped by tech billionaires who own powerful algorithms that decide WHAT WE SEE AND WHAT WE DON'T SEE, HOW MUCH WE SEE OF IT'

Mike Winkelmann, aka Beeple, creator of robot dogs exhibit

✈️ Hostile Aircraft Intrusion — Upper Galilee & Golan (1 locations).

Enter the safe room and remain until further notice
📢 News Flash / Situation Update — Upper Galilee & Golan (1 locations).

Rocket & Missile Attack - Event ended
Israel Police arrest man for attacking nun near King David's Tomb

On Tuesday, police received reports of a nun being attacked at King David's Tomb in Jerusalem. A 36-year-old man was arrested in connection with the case and is being questioned for racist assault.

Read more
✈️ Hostile Aircraft Intrusion — Upper Galilee & Golan (1 locations).

Enter the safe room and remain until further notice
📢 News Flash / Situation Update — Upper Galilee & Golan (1 locations).

Rocket & Missile Attack - Event ended
Iran war drives jet fuel surge, disrupts travel routes, testing European airlines

"There is a risk that we'll see rationing of fuel supply, particularly in Asia and Europe," Willie Walsh, head of the International Air ​Transport Association, told Reuters.

Read more
Amer Hujirat, Defense Ministry civilian contractor, killed in Hezbollah drone attack in Lebanon

This event comes as the IDF is facing new threats from Hezbollah in southern Lebanon, as the group employs fiber optic "wire" drones.

Read more
Two IDF soldiers wounded in West Bank overnight ops.

According to Israeli media, the two attackers stabbed the soldiers, although the exact method of attack was not confirmed by the IDF.

Read more
Investigations launched into young Lebanese student who asked IDF spox. to bomb her school

The student, a 14-year-old, according to Lebanese media site L’Orient Today, alleged that Hezbollah was storing weapons under the school.

Read more
🚨 Rocket & Missile Attack — Upper Galilee & Golan (3 locations).

Enter a protected space and wait for the all-clear from the Home Front Command.
📢 News Flash / Situation Update — Upper Galilee & Golan (3 locations).

Rocket & Missile Attack - Event ended
Top US diplomat in Kyiv to resign after Trump conflict-report

A State Department spokesman rejected the notion of policy disagreements being the root cause for the acting ambassador’s departure.

Read more
Two wounded in London knife attack against Golders Green Jews

A man was arrested, according to the Shomrim, after he raced along the Golders Green road attempting to stab Jewish residents. Police reportedly stopped him with a taser.

Read more
Palestinian officials claim Israel used trained rats to attack Palestinians

According to Palestinian Media Watch (PMW), Jamal Obeid, a member of the Supreme Leadership Body of Fatah in Gaza, accused Israel of introducing rats into previously uninfested areas of Gaza.

Read more
Petah Tikva teacher sentenced to 11 years in prison for sex offenses against student

Sharon, who was an English teacher at a middle school, committed the offenses over a period of about two years, when the student was between the ages of 12 and 14, according to the prosecution.

Read more

The EU directly threatens Israel with sanctions if it continues to purchase Russian grain that originated from internationally recognized territories that are currently occupied by Russia, says the commission.

@medmannews
⚡️⚡️🇺🇸 a new USGS assessment of bedrock within the Northeastern U.S States has revealed a large deposit of lithium spanning from Maine down into Pennsylvania.

2.3 Million Metric Tons of ‘economically accessible’ lithium to be specific. Which is the equivalent to the next 320 years of U.S demands.

This much lithium is enough for the following:
• 130 Million electric vehicles.
• 500 Billion modern smart phones.
• 1.6 Million gridscale batteries.
• 180 Billion modern laptops.
• a metric shit ton of stealth aircrafts (NOT an official unit of measurement)

Edit: Close to 600,000 Metric tons of lithium was discovered near Asheville, North Carolina just weeks before the tragedy of Hurricane Helene hit the region.

@Medmannews
I would find it funny if it did not involve the deaths of hundreds of thousands of people, that the European Union authorities value tons of grains more than crimes done against women and children, and not even just these two, but their own diplomats are assaulted, their own soldiers in Lebanon are put under fire, Irish and French that is.

While, yes, there were sanctions enacted towards certain ministers, and more Zionist organizations based in the West Bank, it is not even one tenth of enough, but now when it comes to grain they're so ready to go full beast mode, it's dehumanizing for it's citizens and principles, first and foremost.
⚡🇮🇷 One police officer was killed and three others were wounded by a terror attack in Zahedan, South Eastern Iran.

This is about the third or fourth time a terror attack took place in this region since the war began, most likely its Baloch militants.

@medmannews
⚡️🇧🇩🇷🇺 Bangladesh started the first reactor of it's Ruppur NPP, constructed in tandem with Rosatom.

@medmannews
⚡️🇪🇺 Eurostat has published its report, indicating among other things a sharp spike of sexual criminality cases.  +150% rapes have been reported in the last decade alone.

@medmannews

Newly released footage captures the moment an Israeli airstrike targeted a group of civilians in the Bahloul area northern Gaza on April 24, 2026.

@PressTV
IRGC: New means of power ready against any new US attack

@PressTV
The aftermath of the destruction caused by an Israeli raid on the town of Jibchit in southern Lebanon.

@PressTV
The moment an Israeli armored vehicle was targeted by a Hezbollah drone strike in southern Lebanon.

@PressTV
Iran’s envoy dismisses UK media hype about ‘Janfada’ campaign as baseless

Iran’s ambassador to the United Kingdom has dismissed a report by a British newspaper regarding the Janfada (Self-Sacrifice) campaign as baseless and stemming from misinterpretation.

@PressTV
UK King Charles III to US President Donald Trump: 

“Indeed you recently commented, Mr. President, that if it were not for the United States, European countries would be speaking German. Dare I say that if it wasn't for us, you'd be speaking French”

@PressTV
✍️ Analysis - The strategic reckoning: Iran’s post-war ascendancy and American Empire’s stunning collapse

After 40 days of imposed war, Iran emerged stronger and ascendant – launching a diplomatic push that closed the nuclear file, asserted control over Hormuz, humiliated Washington and exposed America's internal collapse. The world is finally waking up to a new era.

By Press TV Strategic Analysis Desk

@PressTV
Yemen says not neutral on any new US 'adventurism' against Iran

Yemen's foreign ministry has warned against the adventurism and barbarism of the Trump administration in the Persian Gulf and declared Sana'a's support for Iran's measures in the Strait of Hormuz, the ministry said in a statement.

@PressTV
"Ayatollah Khamenei has always been awaiting martyrdom"

Speaking with Johnny Miller, Iran’s ambassador to Russia Kazem Jalali said Iran’s martyred Leader considered martyrdom to be a profound honor.

Watch in full

@MoscowReportt
Aerial footage shows the town of Khiyam in southern Lebanon, reduced to rubble in Israel's attacks.

@PressTV
▶️ Foreign journalists visit a Jewish place of worship (a synagogue) in Tehran amid the U.S.–Israeli war on Iran.

@PresstvHebrew

https://t.me/PressTVhebrew/2309
Iranian wrestlers snatched four gold medals at the 2026 Asian Beach Games in Sanya, China.

@PressTV
Iran's envoy to UN: Terrorist Israel remains serious threat to regional peace, security

Iran’s ambassador and permanent representative to the United Nations has said that the “outlaw and terrorist” Israeli regime poses an ongoing and significant threat to both regional and international peace and security.

@PressTV
Iran demands UN telecom agency condemn US-Israeli strikes on infrastructure

Minister of Information and Communications Technology Sattar Hashemi has called on the International Telecommunications Union (ITU) to condemn US-Israeli strikes on Iran’s telecommunication infrastructure.

@PressTV

Yemeni artist Kamal Sharaf new cartoon responds to Trump’s comments about destroying Iran.

@PressTV
Perfect four: Iranian beach wrestling quartet sweeps gold in 2026 Sanya

Iran’s beach wrestling squad delivered a flawless campaign at the 2026 Asian Beach Games as the four-member team captured all four gold medals in the men’s categories.

@PressTV
Iran calls on IOC to bar Israel from sports events over war crimes

Iran’s minister of sports, citing human casualties and widespread destruction of sports infrastructure in recent US and Israeli attacks, has urged the International Olympic Committee (IOC) to take a firm stance, suspend Israeli sports activities, and investigate the damage.

@PressTV
“Israel is killing children every day” 

Activist boldly confronts Israeli Ambassador Ron Prosor during a speech at an event held in the city of Leipzig

@PressTV
✍ Feature - Iran leverages fragile ceasefire to regroup, replenish, and ready itself for new battles

Iran has used the ongoing ceasefire in the imposed war not as a pause, but as a strategic reset – rebuilding logistics, expanding missile production, and fortifying its deterrence for any future war. 

By Mohammad Molaei

@PressTV
Iranian oil being sold at twice the contracted price: MP

The spokesman for the Iranian Parliament’s Planning and Budget Committee has asserted that the nation’s oil is being sold at twice the contracted price.

@PressTV
Hezbollah’s retaliatory missile spotted in the sky over the occupied territories.

@PressTV
Civilian homes looted in South Lebanon amid attacks

Ghada Ibrahim reports from Gaza City 

@PressTV
📸 Iran's Foreign Minister, Seyyed Abbas Araghchi, meets with the President of the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) Mirjana Spoljaric Egger, in Tehran.

@PressTV
VPol journalist Mahmoud Assaf reports from from Isfahan Province at the site of a failed US ground operation, under the guise of a search and rescue mission for missing pilots, to steal Iran’s enriched uranium outside of Isfahan, which locals have now turned into a gathering place to celebrate Iran’s destruction of over a dozen US aircraft and its fierce resistance against US-Israeli aggression.

Follow us on X  and Instagram !
📸 Iran’s Armed Forces showcased blue and pink Shahed-136 drones at last night’s nationwide rally held in Kermanshah, in honour of Iranian boys and girls.

@PressTV
Continued US maritime piracy and banditry will be met with ‘practical, unprecedented’ response: Source

The continued American maritime piracy and banditry will soon be met with “practical and unprecedented military action,” a high-ranking security source told Press TV.

@PressTV
▶️ Iran’s Larak Island symbolizes resilience against foreign aggression 

Moeen Amini reports from Larak Island  

@PressTV

📸 Students at the University of California, Berkeley, pay tribute to the Iranian children killed in the US-Israeli bombing of Minab’s elementary school.

@PressTV
✍ Investigation: Downing Street stabbing: How Zionist-aligned Pahlavi monarchists are terrorizing Iranians in UK

A peaceful Iranian protester was stabbed outside Downing Street, London, by monarchist thugs waving Israeli flags as British police stood by despite warnings, yet again exposing Zionist-aligned Pahlavist gangs operating with impunity in the UK.

By Yousef Ramazani

@PressTV
▶️ Italy hit by soaring energy costs as war on Iran drives up fuel, gas prices

Max Civili reports from Rome 

@PressTV
▶️ "In every crisis, God has fashioned a victory for Iran"  

Newly released video shows that, back in 2019, Iran’s anti-terror commander Martyr Soleimani warned attempts to curb Iran’s oil sales would have global consequences.  

As we see today, his warning proved accurate.

@PressTV

— 🇺🇸/🇮🇷 President Trump on Truth Social:

‘Iran can’t get their act together. They don’t know how to sign a nonnuclear deal. They better get smart soon! President DJT’

@Middle_East_Spectator
— 🇮🇱/ NEW: Hezbollah carried out two operations so far

1. Targeting two Israeli ‘Merkava’ tanks with FPV drones in the town of Qantara, confirming direct hits.

2. Targeting an Israeli infantry force in the town of Qantara with a barrage of rockets.

@Middle_East_Spectator

 Iran war: The demise of the petrodollar risks undermining the American economy

The Gulf states are pressuring the US to provide them with dollar swap agreements or to expand existing ones — a move that could signal deeper economic trouble ahead for Washington, American economist Richard Wolff tells Norwegian academic Glenn Diesen. 

 The agreement indicates that Gulf states have reason to believe the global supply and demand for dollars is about to be disrupted

 If there are concerns about a dollar shortage, swap lines are typically expanded. Previously, dollars were drawn from the swap on a weekly basis; now it is occurring on a daily basis — “which is already a warning sign,” Wolff notes

 The Gulf states receive income in dollars from selling oil and natural gas. But no dollars are flowing from their oil and gas trade because the Strait of Hormuz is effectively closed, and Donald Trump’s blockade makes matters even worse

Previously, Gulf states borrowed heavily to invest across the world — accumulating large dollar-denominated debts. Now they cannot service those debts or pay the interest

They appear to have signaled to Trump that if they cannot sell oil, they will be forced to sell American assets — whether Treasuries or stocks — to cover their obligations. And that’s a major problem:

 If they sell US Treasuries en masse, prices would fall sharply, US interest rates would rise, and the sell-off could trigger a global domino effect, potentially pushing the US into recession

 If Gulf states begin rapidly selling US stocks, the American stock market could also be hit hard, as the petroleum monarchies are significant market players

Wolff warns that the swap issue is only a surface manifestation of a deeper global economic problem, with particular significance for the US, given how heavily Gulf capital is embedded in US stocks and Treasuries.

And guess what? It’s Washington’s self-inflicted wound, because they illegally invaded Iran in the first place.

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
 New Lego cartoon mocks Trump: He can defeat Iran - only in his dreams

The Iranian cartoon shows Donald Trump dozing comfortably through a meeting of his own administration. No one dares wake him - why interrupt when, in his dreams, he’s finally “beating” Iran?

Around him, officials look perplexed, as if they no longer know what they’re fighting for in the Gulf.

🤡 Previously, footage emerged of the US president appearing drowsy during an April 23, 2026, meeting in the Oval Office. Perhaps it's karma for calling his predecessor “Sleepy Joe.”

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
 What is Trump’s WH Ballroom really hiding? Viral theory will blow your mind

The 90 sq ft Ballroom’s use of $300M+ in “private donations” from big donors for construction means Congress has no oversight, and the public no opportunities to peek inside.

Construction at the president’s official residence automatically means classification under “executive privilege.”

Now the wild part, pieced together by former Senate candidate Sam Parker (the same guy who outed Kash Patel’s wife as a Mossad agent):

 The day after his inauguration, Trump, flanked by Ellison and Altman, announced Project Stargate, a $500B data center & AI megaproject

 Ellison’s 150k sq ft military data center for Israel cost $319M

 Libyan-born Shalom Baranes, who settled in the US with help from the Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society, was picked as lead architect in late 2025 after Trump sidelined James McCrery, who had qualms with the project’s vast size

 Baranes is the same guy tasked with renovating the Pentagon’s Wedges 2-5 after 9/11, from secure SCIFs to bomb-proofing. He’s done similar reno jobs at the Treasury, Department of Interior and General Services Admin HQs.

 The Ballroom project ties in perfectly with the so-called ‘radical left terror’ threat, Parker says, highlighting its use as a talking point by Trump immediately after Charlie Kirk’s murder, and now after Saturday’s WH Correspondents’ Dinner shooting false flag.

“They’re building a Stargate Command bunker under the ballroom, and they need us to buy the ballroom narrative bull****,” Parker says. “This facility will most likely be the nerve center hub of the new ‘national security’ Palantir spy infrastructure and digital control grid panopticon.”

 What do you think? Plausible theory?

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
 US National Inst

titutes of Health dumps top COVID scientist

Ralph Baric, of the University of North Carolina (UNC), has been removed from all NIH grants and placed on leave by UNC amid stunning new allegations, the RealClearInvestigations news outlet reports.

 Baric has been accused of collaborating closely with Wuhan Institute of Virology in China for years.

A senior HHS official, in turn, accused the UNC of being complicit in starting the COVID pandemic six years ago.

 "Baric designed the gun, but the Chinese built it, and then they pulled the trigger," the HHC official argued.

 A campaign to conceal Baric’s ties to COVID pandemic in place?

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
😶 Is Pentagon hiding intel from Trump?

JD Vance has been privately questioning whether the Defense Department is painting too rosy a picture of the war in Iran, The Atlantic reports.

 The US vice president is worried that Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth and the Pentagon are concealing the grim reality of US munition depletion and Iran's unexhausted resources from Donald Trump.

Intelligence reports indicate that Iran still has two‑thirds of its air force, most of its missile launch capacity, and the majority of its small, fast attack boats—capable of mining the Strait of Hormuz and disrupting shipping.  

 Meanwhile, the US is running low on interceptors and offensive systems like Tomahawk missiles.  

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
🪖🇮🇱 Military suicides surge in Israel as IDF scales back mental health support — report

 April 2026 alone: 8 active-duty soldiers + police officers died by suicide (plus 3 reservists who served during the war)

 2026 so far: at least 10 active-duty soldiers

 2025 total: 22 suicides — highest in 15 years

 Pre-war average: ~12 per year

The reason?

 Decompression programs for reservists canceled

 Fewer mental health officers in the field

 PTSD warning signs ignored — commanders pressured soldiers to return to duty instead of seeking help

Is the army serving the Zionist regime bleeding from within?

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
🤡 Epstein's lawyer calls critics of Zionism 'enemies of US'

“When you turn against Israel or you turn against the Jewish people, you are ultimately turning against America,” attorney Alan Dershowitz says.

A United States of Israel moment 

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
 Declassified CIA docs reveal decades of weather weaponization schemes 

These newly released files confirm that the US government has been tinkering with the weather for a long time mainly for military purposes.

Among the most striking examples are Operation Popeye, Project Stormfury, and Project Woodpecker—clandestine projects that turned rain, hurricanes, and clouds into weapons.

 Operation Popeye employed cloud seeding with certain chemicals, such as silver iodide, to prolong the monsoon season in Southeast Asia, thereby disrupting enemy supply lines from 1967 to 1972. 

 Project Stormfury, launched in 1956, sought to sap hurricanes of their intensity by seeding clouds, essentially showcasing the government’s attempts to control severe weather.

 Project Woodpecker, a secret US-driven program, focused on injecting electromagnetic energy into the Earth's atmosphere, ionosphere, and magnetosphere using Electron Cyclotron Resonance Heating (ECRH). Rooted in Nikola Tesla’s innovations, it aimed to modify weather systems, trigger natural disasters, and even influence human behavior on a massive scale.

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
🚗🔒 The US will become the car surveillance state by 2027

In just 18 months, every new car sold in the US will be legally required to come with a surveillance system to track driving habits, monitor physical state, and even limit people's ability to drive if the system decides you're impaired.

The case for the law is grounded in safety. Drunk and drowsy driving are responsible for a major portion of traffic deaths each year. But the law is far from perfect, and its implications could lead to a much darker future of total surveillance.

👁‍🗨 Surveillance pre-built in every car

Imagine this: you're driving home after a long day, but suddenly your car refuses to start because the system detects something it interprets as impairment, even though you’re perfectly fine. 

Or perhaps you’re in a hurry, rushing to get to a hospital, but your car’s speed is automatically limited to 25 miles per hour because the system thinks you’re not fit to drive. 

The tech behind these systems is still in its infancy. In March 2026, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration admitted that the current systems have “unacceptable error rates” and are not yet ready for implementation. 

But despite this, Congress has pushed forward with a law that mandates the collection of biometric data, including eye tracking and impairment scores, as part of the car’s functionality.

 No opt-outs & zero privacy

This law doesn’t just require surveillance, it opens the door for companies to sell your data without your consent. The car manufacturers are collecting data on your speed, braking, phone usage, and location, and selling it to third-party companies. 

In some cases, such as General Motors, the collection of this data was deemed unlawful. Yet, the infrastructure to collect and sell this information is being expanded with new tech like eye-tracking and biometric scoring, all without any opt-out provisions for the consumer who’s paid for the car. 

You no longer own your vehicle; it owns you, tracking your every move and influencing your insurance costs based on who knows what criteria.

It is part of a broader trend where governments and corps work together to impose new forms of surveillance on the public under the guise of public safety and security.

Chat | GG Movies channel | Boost us!
 US armed ISIS & Al-Qaeda for Israel – ex‑counterterror chief

The US toppled Saddam Hussein in Iraq and Bashar al‑Assad in Syria because Israel pushed it to do so, says Joe Kent, former head of the National Counterterrorism Center.

To accomplish that, the US armed insurgent groups—including ISIS and Al‑Qaeda. However, those groups later went out of control and began plotting attacks across the West, he states.

Now, thanks to the US, a former terrorist sits at the head of Syria, Kent adds.

 “We screwed the whole thing up so much.”

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

🇷🇺🇧🇩 Rosatom CEO together with Bangladesh’s Minister of Science and Technology pressed the symbolic button to officially launch the country’s 1st nuclear unit

 Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🚨🇨🇳 China sharpens Air Force combat and logistics skills in drills

The PLA Air Force exercises simulated a strike on an airfield, along with demining, runway repair, refueling, casualty evacuation, medical support, and equipment restoration.

Even under intense pressure, the troops quickly restored full operational capability and maintained combat readiness.

 Subscribe to @SputnikInt
 'We have militarily defeated that particular opponent' — Trump on Iran

US President Donald Trump once again claimed victory in his war on Iran.

 Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🚨🇨🇳 China tests unique truck-mounted nuclear reactor

The world's first 10-megawatt vehicle-mounted nuclear reactor is capable of powering AI data centers independently, the South China Morning Post reports.

The reactor is very compact, has high safety margins and an operational lifespan of decades without refueling.

Other potential applications include electrifying remote areas, emergency backup power in special environments, powering ships and even spacecraft.

 Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🇨🇳🇺🇸 China in stronger position ahead of Trump visit – expert

 "Conflicts are emerging everywhere, and there are many contradictions within the US itself," Wang Nansen, Director of the Shanghai Center for Strategic Studies in the Asia-Pacific region, told Sputnik.

 "This puts immense pressure on Trump."

"In this world full of change and chaos, China must demonstrate strategic patience,” he added.

Wang also noted the deep mutual trust between China and Russia as the countries align policy on major international issues.

 Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🚨🇺🇸 Pentagon keeps $400 million away from Ukraine — report

$400 million approved by Congress for Ukraine as "aid" for fiscal year 2026 has been sitting unused for months — with the Pentagon quietly shielding it from Ukraine’s corruption, the Washington Post reported.

 The Defense Department has ignored repeated requests from lawmakers about what’s happening to the money.

Meanwhile, some officials call aid to Ukraine "wasteful." 

Russia has repeatedly emphasized that funneling military aid to Ukraine only prolongs the conflict, while weapon shipments become legitimate targets for the Russian army.

 Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🇷🇺 Russia's T-72 leads top-10 global rating  

The fact remains that the T-72 “checks all the boxes for an effective tank” and is “easy to operate", The National Interest reported when publishing its list of the world’s top 10 battle tanks.

What’s more, T-72s are “easy to mass produce and even if they’re lost it doesn’t really matter, because Russia can quite easily produce many more.” 

Another Russian tank, the T-14 Armata, also made the top-10 list, ranking seventh.

 Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🚨🇮🇷 Iran war drains over $65 billion from US coffers

The cost of the US military operation against Iran currently stands at more than $65.3 billion, according to the Iran War Cost Tracker.

The tracker offers real-time monitoring of troop positions, naval forces, logistics, and related military expenditures.

Its calculations stem from a Pentagon report to Congress, which put the price tag of Operation Epic Fury’s first six days at a staggering $11.3 billion, with ongoing costs estimated at $1 billion per day.

Subscribe to @SputnikInt
 Iran war drains over $65 billion from US coffers

 Iran war exposes cracks in NATO's defenses – report 

 China in stronger position ahead of Trump visit – expert  

 Pentagon reportedly keeps $400 million away from Ukraine

🔸 Senate blocks bid to limit Trump’s power to invade Cuba 

Subscribe to @SputnikInt

 No warning, no escape 

Russian snipers neutralize Ukrainian servicemen at an observation post near Konstantinovka in the Donetsk People’s Republic.

Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🚨 Hezbollah carries out a massive drone strike on IDF personnel

 "The Islamic Resistance struck a gathering of Israeli army soldiers at the newly established Nimr al-Jamal position overnight using a large group of attack drones, achieving a confirmed hit," Lebanon’s movement said in a statement.

Earlier this week, Hezbollah conducted six combat operations against the Israeli army, including shooting down an Israeli Hermes 900 multi-purpose drone over the settlement of Qantara and striking a Merkava tank there with an explosive drone.

Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🚨🇺🇸 US set on prolonged blockade of Iran – report

 US President Donald Trump has told his inner circle that economic pressure on Iran must continue by restricting its oil exports and free passage through the Strait of Hormuz, the WSJ reports, citing unnamed officials. 

Trump reportedly said that other options, such as resuming bombing or exiting the conflict, present greater risk than the blockade. 

Previously, the US president rejected Iran's peace proposal because he was dissatisfied with the lack of concessions regarding a nuclear deal.

Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🚨🇷🇺 Russia not considering withdrawing from OPEC+, Kremlin assures

 "The OPEC+ format is particularly important at a time when global energy markets are in turmoil," Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said.

 Moscow hopes the UAE's withdrawal from OPEC+ will not spell the end of the format

 The UAE's decision to leave OPEC and OPEC+ is a sovereign one, and Russia respects it

 Russia expects to maintain constructive contacts with the UAE, including within the framework of energy dialogue

 Russia welcomes the UAE's intention to maintain a responsible position on energy markets after leaving OPEC and OPEC+

 OPEC+ cooperation helps minimize volatility and stabilize energy markets

 Cleanup efforts following Kiev's strikes on Tuapse are continuing; it is too early to assess the results

 The Zelensky regime’s criminal acts are worsening global oil shortages

 The Kiev regime is losing ground on the battlefield every day, so it has stooped to terrorist attacks
  
 Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🚨🇷🇺 FSB foils attack on gas and electricity facilities in Crimea

A Russian citizen, recruited by Ukrainian special services, has been detained for planning terrorist attacks using explosives at gas and electricity supply facilities in Crimea, Russia’s Federal Security Service said. 

Ukraine's agent also received explosives for an assassination attempt on a high-ranking official from a law enforcement agency.

Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🇷🇺🇨🇳 ‘We came to this festival to show respect for Russian history’ – Chinese participant 

The festival is “not a contest, but a performance where we just enjoy and sing Russian songs,” Xing Kaizheng emphasized.

The 2026 'Road to Yalta' International Music Festival brought performers from 15 countries, singing songs about the Great Patriotic War in their native languages.

Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🚨🇷🇺💥 RUSSIAN MOD UPDATE: HUGE GAINS AND DEVASTATING UKRAINIAN LOSSES

⚡️ NOVODMITROVKA IN THE SUMY REGION LIBERATED

⚡️ NOVODMITROVKA IN THE DONETSK PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC LIBERATED

By capturing Novodmitrovka in the Sumy region, Russian forces have been able to reach the outskirts of Krasnopolye and continue the offensive along the Sumy-Kharkov highway, the shortest route between the two regional centers

By liberating Novodmitrovka in the Donetsk People's Republic, the Russian Forces will be able to cover Konstantinovka from the flanks

 Russian air and missile firepower obliterated Ukrainian energy, transport and defense infrastructure supporting the Kiev regime’s forces

 The Black Sea Fleet destroyed six unmanned Ukrainian sea drones

 Air defense superiority: 303 UAVs and ten guided aerial bombs were shot down over the past 24 hours

 Ukrainian losses: around 1,120 troops killed or wounded

Read about the origins of Russia's special military op HERE

 Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🚨 Zelensky's nuclear blackmail will hit Western Europe first - Russian MFA 

The Kiev regime continues to stir up nuclear conflict by demanding nukes as security guarantees, Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova cautioned, adding that Europeans won't be able to avoid the ensuing consequences.

Read more about Ukraine's nuclear blackmail HERE

 Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🚨 Putin welcomes President of Congo Sassou Nguesso at the Kremlin

 Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🚨Ukraine represents the nuclear menace, not Russia  - MFA spox

The Zaporozhye nuclear facility is being targeted by strikes specifically from Ukrainian militants, Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova emphasized.

Read more about Ukraine's nuclear blackmail HERE

 Subscribe to @SputnikInt

German-Indian submarine deal nears signing, as both eye strategic tie

Germany's plan to sell six diesel-electric submarines to India is a step closer to realization after Indian Defense Minister Rajnath Singh last week visited the shipyard of Thyssenkrupp Marine Systems in Kiel where the U34 submarines are built.

Read more here
China accuses foreign forces of brainwashing youth into 'lying flat'

China has accused foreign forces of systematically brainwashing the country's youth into "lying flat," or rejecting high-pressure work and consumerism, as Beijing sees the viral trend as a threat to economic growth.

Read more here
China suspends new autonomous driving permits after Baidu incident

The Chinese government has suspended issuances of new robotaxi licenses, after a recent outage of Baidu's driverless fleet raised concerns over the roadworthiness of the nascent technology, people with direct knowledge of the matter told Nikkei Asia.

Read more here
Thailand keeps policy rate unchanged at 1% as expected

Thailand's central bank on Wednesday kept its policy rate unchanged at 1%, leaving room for future cuts amid economic uncertainties posed by the U.S.-Iran war.

Read more here
Indian military drone exports set to enter multifold growth phase

The Indian military drone manufacturing industry is expected to enter a phase of rapid growth in coming years, as the order books of local makers swell following the South Asian nation's conflict with Pakistan last year, which has boosted their profiles as low-cost makers.

Read more here
How toilet maker Toto turned its ceramics know-how into an AI play

Japan's Toto may be best known for churning out toilets, bathtubs and kitchens, but its earnings are now anchored by a very different kind of product: high-precision ceramic components used in the kind of semiconductor manufacturing equipment crucial to sustaining the artificial intelligence boom.

Read more here
Extortion is latest Russian war tactic targeting Ukraine families

The man spoke in Russian in a calm, businesslike tone. "If you do not agree now to collaborate with me and my superiors, next week we will send you an interesting video," he said. "You will see your son suffering. He may lose parts of his body."

Read more here
Chinese-owned AESC sells controlling stake in US battery factory

Chinese-owned battery maker Automotive Energy Supply Corp has sold a majority stake of its only U.S. battery plant to Fixx Energy, which signed a multiyear deal to supply battery cells to energy storage supplier Fluence Energy.

Read more here
🇮🇷🇺🇸| Trump does not want to resume bombing Iran or walk away from the conflict, will continue an indefinite blockade - WSJ

An indefinite blockade of Iran would more likely to lead to international revolt

Afterall, leadership requires responsibility
If your military is incapable to keep a key waterway open
➡️ You don't start that War

Asian nations affected could use their Navies to escort Iranian tankers, or crash their economies due to U.S. miscalculation

Should the economic pain exceed a threshold, China or even India may pressure Trump to turn a blind eye on some shipments.
If not, given pressure tools like Taiwan and reduced U.S. missile arsenal
➡️ the sleeping giant China could challenge Trump by escorting a tanker flotilla out of Iran

With a very good, non-confronting excuse of being "humanitarianly" forced to utilize its non-kinetic military power projection capability

All this is unlikely to happen, because even the threat of it will probably force the blind-eye stunt on Trump

Its most likely that this U.S. blockade will end sooner than many expect
(Repost from Patarames on X)

@FotrosResistancee
🇮🇷| Never seen before speech by Martyr Qassem Soleimani, months before his assassination, on May 2019.

He had predicted the 2026 Ramadan war between Iran-US and talked about using the Strait of Hormoz as leverage.

I fully translated his speech:

"Against this scale and magnitude, this gathering [of enemies]…. ? Can we emerge victorious in this war? 

Is this not one of those same crises in the heart of every deviation where God ordains a great victory for the Revolution? The world is different, it is larger and uncontrollable. No one can say, 'I control the world.'

If they [the enemy] wants to confront our oil sales, well, that will cause an increase in oil prices. Secondly, every incident that occurs, every pressure reflected upon us, results in pressure upon others. 

We have 1,600-1,700 kilometers of coastline. The supertankers carrying oil from Saudi Arabia, Iraq, and the UAE must, by necessity, pass by these islands. 

Imagine a person sitting here; you are passing food right in front of him—how easy it is to seize that food.

When our officials said, 'If our oil is not sold, no one else’s oil will be sold either,' this was not a bluff. This is doable, it is possible. 

“Closing the Strait of Hormuz...” regarding the statement made in Hamedan, you must realize that in the very places where you imagine we are not, we are at the closest point to you. 

It’s impossible that there was ever a day where we didn't think about this. Don't think [otherwise], our most important enemies—how could it be possible that we haven't thought about it? We have certainly provided the appropriate mechanisms.

All these forces they have brought into the Persian Gulf… and for what? These tall buildings that show their grandeur on television, these high-rises in the UAE and many other places… they are made of glass. 

One can start a war, but they know if this war breaks out... Iran has established a garrison facing every one of their garrisons and possesses power. 

They know, and they declare it themselves: The asymmetric power of the Islamic Republic is incomparable to other powers. 

In fact, before they even entered this line, we were ready for war. We are ready to defend this nation at these very levels, with dignity and power.

If you stand against our religion, we will stand against your entire world with all our might. What is our religion? Our religion is the ‘Islamic’ Republic. Islam which within it is the republic, an embodied religion. 

This was proved in the Islamic world—when things shifted in Egypt. This awareness exists well within the Islamic world: Any incident surrounding the Islamic Republic affects the entire Islamic world: for Sunni Islam, for Shiite Islam, and for political Islam.

Right here beside us, in the west and south of our country, America entered one place with more than 50,000 soldiers and another with more than a thousand. 

When they entered, even the US reserve forces entered the Persian Gulf scene, the result was what that foolish man [Trump] when he said and showed: They came Iraq with the airplane lights off, in the middle of the desert, and in the dark tent [referring to Trump’s unannounced 2018 visit to Ein Al-Asad Airbase in Iraq], they didn't dare turn on a light. 

They guided the POTUS with the light of a mobile phone, they took him and his wife there while keeping the news completely secret. When he reached the US, he showed the dark tent.

Right now, the signs of the enemy's defeat are completely visible. These signs are not few. To the extent that the enemy suffers from terror and anxiety… that level of enemy terror and anxiety is unimaginable to us. 

We, with certainty in God and trust in God... in our calculations, we cannot live a life without God in every calculation. We have nothing else. Our power is faith in God. Our power is depending on God's victory. We live by this belief.”

@FotrosResistancee

 — POTUS Donald Trump about King Charles III speech at the US Congress:
"I want to congratulate Charles on having made a fantastic speech today at Congress. He got the Democrats to stand — I've never been able to do that. I couldn't believe it!" 

@BellumActaNews
 — POTUS Donald Trump about Anglo-American relations:
"We're preparing to celebrate the 250th anniversary of our Declaration of Independence... It's only natural that Americans begin this commemoration by paying tribute to the transcendent bond we share with the nation that Thomas Jefferson himself called our 'mother country.'"
 — POTUS Donald Trump about the Anglo-Saxon Heritage of United States of America:
 The first Americans saw themselves as free men, carrying forward the ancestral liberties and ancient rights of the Anglo-Saxons into this New World.  In the eyes of America’s Founders, our War for Independence was fought not to reject this heritage, but to reclaim it and perfect it.
 — POTUS Donald Trump about the Anglo-Saxon Heritage of United States of America:
"The same audacity that called a small island kingdom to rule the seven seas, and rule them you did, inspired the children of 13 American colonies to explore a Great Frontier... and settle what was known as the Wild, Wild West."
 — POTUS Donald Trump offers as toast for 250 Years of American Independence and to His Majesty, King Charles III:
"Ladies and gentlemen, I offer a toast to 250 years of American freedom, and very importantly, to a great man — His Majesty King Charles III."
 — POTUS Donald Trump about Anglo-American relations:

"Ours is a treasured friendship, an eternal bond, and a true story of extraordinary heroism and skill... History has known no more powerful force than the combination of American Patriotism and British Pride."
 — POTUS Donald Trump about Anglo-American relations:
"Tonight, on the eve of our 250th year of cherished Independence, we turn to the Sovereign embodiment of our British Heritage and say sincerely: Thank you to our friends, the United Kingdom, for the richest inheritance that any nation has ever given to another."
 — POTUS Donald Trump about the American Revolution
"The Declaration of Independence was a miracle for the ages that sparked a far-reaching Revolution in self-government and human freedom. 

But even though the political bonds between the United States and Great Britain were dissolved forever... on July 4th, 1776, the more powerful strands of memory, culture, and identity proved unbreakable in any conflict — and grew into a friendship unlike any other on earth."
 — British King Charles III speaks about the assassination attempt against POTUS Donald Trump and FLOTUS Melania Trump:
"May I also just start by paying tribute to your own courage and steadfastness, as well as to your security services for their swift actions on Saturday evening in preventing further injury.

My thoughts and sympathies are very much with you, the First Lady and all those guests, for whom this must have been a very upsetting incident."
 — British King Charles III gets a laugh at the White House State Dinner:

"I cannot help noticing the readjustments to the East Wing, Mr. President, following your visit to Windsor Castle last year.

And I'm sorry to say that we British, of course, made our own small attempt at real estate redevelopment of the White House in 1814."
 — British King Charles presents Trump with the original bell from the Royal Navy 1944 HMS Trump submarine as a gift at the White House state dinner:

"There was one particular AUKUS predecessor, launched from a UK shipyard in 1944 that served for the majority of her life attached to the 4th Submarine Squadron in Australia playing a critical role during the war in the Pacific. 

Her name? HMS Trump — so tonight, Mr. President, I am delighted to present to you, as a personal gift, the original bell which hung on the conning tower of your valiant namesake. 

May it stand as a testimony to our nation's shared history and shining future."
 — Video shows the conclusion of this evenings State Dinner, hosted by President Trump and First Lady Melania, for His Majesty King Charles III, and Her Majesty Queen Camilla at the White House
 — King Charles III about the FIFA Football World Cup:
"In just a few weeks, the United States and Canada will be among those to welcome the world as hosts of the FIFA World Cup. 

So in one sense, Mr. President, as heads of state, we are joint hosts."



NASA head Jared Isaacman wants Pluto back as planet

NASA now prepares papers to revisit old assumptions — reopening the debate on Pluto’s status

Pluto orbits the Sun and is round from its gravity. But it can’t clear its orbital path of debris — the one condition it doesn’t meet 

Footage — WUFO Science
I checked my DNA. Apparently, I'm 14% Greek? I always knew I was related to Alexander the Great — Uganda military chief Muhoozi Kainerugaba

'I'm going to visit Greece and hope they won't ask me for a visa'

Earlier he demanded Turkey send him their most beautiful woman as a wife
$1.5 TRILLION budget will ensure the US continues to maintain the world's most powerful and capable military — Hegseth
❗️ Federal prosecutors release new images of Cole Allen's alleged assassination attempt on Trump 

Including a mirror selfie supposedly taken 30 MINUTES before charging past security checks
Anti-draft Haredim Jews‘ protest in Jerusalem continues

Video: mignews
Secret Service officer allegedly failed to shoot Allen, having shot 5 times in his direction
Trump WHCAD shooter SUDDENLY decided to go for it?

Prosecutors’ memo claims Allen wrote he ‘was no longer willing [to shoot Trump] a long time ago, but this was the first real opportunity’

and he ‘had to do something about it’
CENTCOM preps plan for 'short and powerful' wave of STRIKES on Iran — Axios

'In hopes of breaking the negotiating deadlock'

VIDEO: April US strikes on Iran’s Isfahan
$25 BILLION spent so far on Op. Epic Fury — top Pentagon official Hurst

'Most of that is munitions'
Allen described security breaches at Washington Hilton where the WHCD was held: ‘walk[ed] in with multiple weapons’

‘If I was an Iranian agent, instead of an American citizen, I could have brought a Ma Deuce in here and no one would have noticed sh*t’
Trump REJECTS Iran proposal to 'open Strait of Hormuz and lift blockade' — Axios

47: blockade 'somewhat more effective than the bombing'

'They are choking like a STUFFED PIG. And it's going to be worse for them'
‘I have comedians dressing up in whiteface, I have people saying I’m not fit to be CEO, AND I HAVE CANDACE OWENS CLAIMING I MURDERED MY HUSBAND’ — Erika Kirk

‘Every morning, I wake up to a new headline LYING ABOUT ME’
Rep. Moulton: 'so we’ve blockaded their blockade'

'That’s like saying 'tag, you’re it''

'Or if Prez. Madison had said 'the British just burned down Washington, but don’t worry, we’re gonna burn it down as well''
Rep. Carbajal tells Hegseth he’s also a fan of Pulp Fiction

'And no, movie is NOT an accurate portrayal of the Bible'

'You know what I’m talking about'
CARBAJAL: 'you don’t believe easing sanctions is helping Russia?'

HEGSETH: 'we have the best energy team on the planet… 

Do you understand the energy dominance that this admin. has unleashed?'
‘Many of the journalists in that room have attempted to dehumanize me and I wanted to meet some of them face to face’ — Erika Kirk on why she attended the WHCD

‘All of the SLANDER, THE LIES, ACCUSATIONS that are out there surrounding MY HUSBAND’S MURDER AND MYSELF’
‘We want THE BEST for our country, THEY DON’T’ — Erika Kirk

‘Anyone who stands in their way is labeled hateful, racist, fascist, and every other trigger word’

‘This is why Charlie started TPUSA in the first place. He didn’t trust the radicalized, liberal teachers’
Hegseth: US has spent 'upwards of $300 BILLION' on Ukraine

Rep. Gimenez: 'you’re probably right'

‘And yet I don’t hear anything about 'gee, how much money have we spent on Ukraine' from the other side'
King Charles and Queen Camilla arrive in NYC to PAY RESPECTS at 9/11 memorial
Putin and Trump hold call lasting 1.5 HOURS

Russian leader ready to declare truce for May Victory Day period — Trump supports idea

Trump tells Putin that deal to ‘resolve’ Ukraine conflict 'IMMINENT'
Mamdani wants to ask King Charles to ‘RETURN THE KOHINOOR DIAMOND’ to India — Politico
Putin tells Trump decision to extend Iran ceasefire CORRECT in call

'Should provide a chance for negotiations'

Russian leader warns of DIRE consequences for region and world if US and Israel 'again resort to offensive actions'
Putin and Trump 'express essentially SIMILAR assessments of Kiev regime’s behavior' in call

Zelensky, 'with support of Europeans, pursuing policy of PROLONGING conflict'

Trump believes 'deal that would end conflict is CLOSE'
James Comey PLACED UNDER ARREST over 8647 post — CNN

Comey was placed under arrest before his first court appearance

Comey did not enter a plea, AP reportsPutin began call with Trump by CONDEMNING latest assassination attempt

Politically motivated violence 'UNACCEPTABLE'

Russian leader offers congratulations to Melania for her efforts to reunite Russian and Ukrainian kids with their families
Ukraine’s top presidential hopeful will make his son SWEAR to 'get back' Russian territories

And make his grandson swear too, if that doesn’t work out

How odd, since ex-military chief Zaluzhny has 2 daughters… and no son
Nick Fuentes pepper-sprays 'Jewish feminist activist,' pushes her down steps after she showed up at his home following doxxing

2024 footage surfaces — Fuentes was arrested and charged with battery
King Charles shares a joke with Mamdani at 9/11 Memorial
Trump 'actively supports' Putin’s readiness to declare ceasefire over May Victory Day period

47 notes holiday 'commemorates our COMMON victory over Nazism in WW2' in call
Putin and Trump talk MUTUAL economic and energy projects in call

Large-scale economic initiatives ALREADY being discussed by Russia and US

UST IN: Brent crude oil surges to $115 as President Trump prepares to extend the US blockade against Iran in the Strait of Hormuz.

@WatcherGuru
JUST IN: 🇺🇸 US oil exports hit a record 6 million barrels per day last week.

@WatcherGuru
BREAKING: 🇺🇸 Federal Reserve leaves interest rates unchanged, remains at 3.50% - 3.75%.

@WatcherGuru
JUST IN: Meta launches crypto stablecoin payouts for creators.

@WatcherGuru

🇺🇸🇮🇷 General Caine answers the uncomfortable question of whether they considered that Iran might close the Strait of Hormuz

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇺🇸 Hegseth explains why he fired General George

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇺🇸🇮🇷 "Absolutely!" - Hegseth on whether the US is winning the war

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇺🇸🇺🇦 Pete Hegseth agrees that the U.S. has spent $300 billion to help Ukraine.

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇺🇦🇺🇸Zelensky: "If JD Vance is proud that he’s not helping us, it means that he is helping Russians" 

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇺🇦 Former Ukrainian Commander-in-Chief and current Ambassador to the UK Zaluzhny explained what Ukraine's victory and returning the lost territories means to him in a passionate interview to Ukrainian media:

"When I die, I will make my son swear that he will return both the barn and this city... That's what victory means to me" 

However, there's a catch - Zaluzhny doesn't have a son 😁

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
TPUSA CEO EriKa KirK latest anti-evil sermon rant:

“Every morning I wake up to another headline lying about me. I have comedians dressing up in whiteface, I have people saying I'm not fit to be CEO, & I have Candace Owens claiming that I murdered my husband.”

In her latest full black "freedom" attire rant (please comment if you have any idea which specific neo-hero she's channeling here?), the psycho Psyop Barbie also addressed evil epidemic, dehumanizing evil journos, evil violence, evil liberal teachers with evil bullets, evil forces, future of MeriKKKa, being evil, fighting for MeriKKKa, general evil, evil and of course, the goodness of the Supreme leader. And evil.

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇷🇺🇺🇸 Trump and Putin held a phone call, Putin's Aide Ushakov reported

@DDGeopolitics
🇺🇸 Lies

@DDGeopolitics

📸 Iran's Foreign Ministry spokesman strongly condemned the baseless accusations of Bahraini officials against Iran.

🔹 Esmail Baghaei condemned the Bahraini government's action of stripping a number of Bahraini citizens of their citizenships under baseless anti-Iran pretexts.

🔹 Esmail Baghaei denounced the approach of Bahraini officials in imposing anti-humanitarian punishments saying stripping Bahraini citizens of their nationality on the pretext of sympathizing with Iran and expressing hatred for the crimes of the US and Israel is a gross violation of human rights and a sign of the discriminatory approach of the country's rulers towards their own people.

🔹 Esmail Baghaei stated that the Bahraini government cannot, through such propagandizing, divert the public opinion in its country and the region from its direct role in supporting the American-Israeli aggressors against the Iranian people.

@PressTV
▶️ Killing a Palestinian man in the town of Silwad leaves no end in sight to Israeli violence in the occupied West Bank.

@PressTV
📸 US sailors share pictures of their poor-quality meals

It seems as though those who are supposedly imposing a blockade on Iran are actually the ones under a blockade.

@PressTV
NEW: A United Airlines flight reportedly struck a drone over San Diego

The Boeing 737, operating as Flight 1980 from San Francisco, hit the object at about 3,000 feet during its approach, per an air traffic control recording.

Follow @InsiderPaper for more news
BREAKING: Dubai police say they have arrested 276 members of transnational 'fraud network' in an operation with FBI and  Chinese police

Follow @InsiderPaper for more news
BREAKING - Iran soccer federation officials leave Canada before FIFA Congress over airport 'insult': Iranian media

@insiderpaper

 — Brent crude oil rose to $119.5, its highest level since the 2008 crisis.

 AlsaaPlusEN | Alsaa on X | Boost
 — The Kremlin: Russian President Vladimir Putin held a phone call with President Trump that lasted more than an hour and a half.

 AlsaaPlusEN | Alsaa on X | Boost
 — TASS, citing an aide to the Russian president: President Putin put forward ideas regarding Iran’s nuclear program during his call with President Trump.

 AlsaaPlusEN | Alsaa on X | Boost
 — Hezbollah announced that it targeted two Israeli Merkava tanks in the town of Al-Qantara in southern Lebanon using two drones.

 AlsaaPlusEN | Alsaa on X | Boost
 — President Trump: We may resume attacks on Iran soon.

 AlsaaPlusEN | Alsaa on X | Boost
 — Russian President Vladimir Putin held a phone call with President Trump lasting more than 1.5 hours, described as “frank and businesslike” by the Kremlin.

 Putin said he is ready to declare a ceasefire for Victory Day, which Trump supported.

 Putin also said Russian forces are advancing and that Moscow’s objectives will be achieved, preferably through negotiations.

 On Iran, Putin said Trump’s decision to extend the ceasefire was "correct" but warned that a ground operation would be “completely unacceptable and dangerous.”

 Putin additionally congratulated Melania Trump on her recent birthday and acknowledged her role in helping reunite Russian and Ukrainian children with their families.
 — An Israeli airstrike targeted the town of Nabatieh in southern Lebanon.

 AlsaaPlusEN | Alsaa on X | Boost
 — Hezbollah announced that it targeted an Israeli Merkava tank near the town of Beit Lif in southern Lebanon using a suicide drone, achieving a confirmed hit.

 AlsaaPlusEN | Alsaa on X | Boost
 The aircraft carrier USS Gerald R. Ford will depart the Middle East and begin the sail for home in the coming days, US officials

 AlsaaPlusEN | Alsaa on X | Boost

🇮🇷| Iran’s Parliament Speaker, Ghalibaf:

“The enemy sought to infiltrate its forces into the country and tested this plan in Isfahan, but it turned into a Tabas 2 version disgrace.

Trump explicitly divides Iran into hardliners and moderates and immediately talks about a naval blockade to force Iran to surrender through economic pressure and internal discord.

The only solution to counter this new conspiracy: Maintaining unity.

We, officials in Iran, all follow the orders directly from the country's Leader.”

@FotrosResistancee
🇺🇸🇮🇷| Trump has reportedly rejected Iran’s (new) proposal and says it will continue its naval blockade.

CENTCOM is reportedly preparing for short strikes if Iran does not “act” as Trump hopes. 

@FotrosResistancee
This new Telegram UI sucks.
🇮🇷🇺🇸🌍| Brent crude rises above $119.40/bbl, highest since June 2022. 

@FotrosResistancee
🇺🇸🇮🇷| After a MQ-4C drone crashed in the Persian Gulf, 2-3 days after the “ceasefire,” now a SECOND MQ-4C drone was damaged during its reconnaissance mission above the Persian Gulf.

Seems like the Persian Gulf does not agree with the American drones.

@FotrosResistancee
🇮🇷🇺🇸| After reports that Trump rejected Iran’s preconditions for negotiations & resuming the naval blockade on Iran, reports are coming in that Iran is examining 'non-negotiated options' to lift the naval blockade.

@FotrosResistancee
🇷🇺🇺🇸🇮🇷| Trump & Putin held a 1.5 hours phone call.

Putin told Trump that if the US and Israel take further military actions in the Middle East, they should expect "very devastating" consequences.

They also talked about Ukraine. 

@FotrosResistancee

Ukrainian drones struck two Russian helicopters at an airstrip in Voronezh Oblast, around 150 km from the frontline.

The strikes targeted an Mi-28 and an Mi-17 helicopter while they were refuelling and carrying out inter-flight technical inspections. In addition, one Russian maintenance specialist was killed.
Around two and a half hours ago, a Russian Iskander-M ballistic missile launched from near Taganrog, Rostov Oblast, impacted a target near the southern outskirts of Dnipro. 

A fire could be seen burning from the city.

ENG: "🌴🇲🇱 After a series of terrorist attacks, Malian President Assimi Goita appeared on central TV for the first time. He confirmed the country's determination to continue military operations until the complete elimination of militants.

Why then doesn't he ban the internet and Telegram? It's unclear." OG Post: https://t.me/wagner_group2022/17412
I received some information from a guy (🎺) about the situation in Mali. It doesn't look good for the government troops. There's talk of a major retreat from the east of the country toward the center and the capital. Russian casualties aren’t as high as reported, but resources are limited, and measures are being taken for repositioning and defense (interpret that however you like). I’m updating the map based on the information I’ve received, though it will take some time. 🇷🇺🇲🇱

🚨🇵🇰 Pakistani space program: faster and more efficient but still dependent on China

Pakistan launched its fifth indigenous satellite into orbit within 16 months – but all launches used Chinese carrier rockets.

Aerospace propulsion engineer Dr. Sarah Qureshi told Sputnik how the program has accelerated.

Tech priorities

Pakistan is not inclined toward core research and development or investment in domestic technologies, and relies heavily on ready-made designs from China.

Why now

A suitable partner has been found in China.

Aerospace, defense and satellite technologies are now united under the Strategic Plans Division, improving coordination.

Modularity means designs no longer need to be built from scratch.

The launch problem

 "If a satellite costs a million to build, the rocket to launch it to space costs billions," Qureshi says. "It requires a lot of money and time."

Pakistan is capable of building its own rockets, but no significant budget has been allocated to make it a national priority.

Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🚨🇷🇺🇺🇸 Putin and Trump hold phone call

The call between the Russian and US presidents lasted more than 90 minutes, presidential aide Yury Ushakov said.

The leaders discussed the situations in Iran and Ukraine.

⚡️ Putin expressed readiness to announce a truce by Victory Day on May 9.

Other key details:

 Trump assessed the outcome of the US bombing campaign against Iran before the recent ceasefire

 Putin thinks it right to extend the ceasefire with Iran

 Moscow views any US invasion of Iran as dangerous

 Russia will stay in active contact with Iran, the Gulf states, Israel and the US

 Trump believes a peace deal between Russia and Ukraine is close

 Trump's aides will keep contacts with both Moscow and Kiev

 Trump stressed the importance of a swift end to fighting in Ukraine

 Putin and Trump agreed that the Kiev regime’s behavior under Volodymyr Zelensky was aimed at dragging out the conflict

 Putin told Trump that Kiev resorts to terrorist methods

 Putin told Trump that the goals of the Russian military operation will be achieved and Russian forces hold the initiative and are pressing enemy positions

 Trump welcomed the Easter ceasefire recently declared by Russia

Putin also strongly condemned the latest assassination attempt on Trump, expressing words of support.

Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🪖🇺🇸🇮🇷 Pentagon plans ‘short, powerful’ bombing of Iran to break talks deadlock - report

The plan by the US Middle East Central Command could include attacks on Iranian infrastructure and is meant to strongarm Iran into "showing more flexibility", sources with knowledge of the plans told Axios.

However, US President Donald Trump considers the blockade “somewhat more effective than the bombing,” and is yet to order any kinetic action as of Tuesday night.

Earlier, an Iranian security source said that the US blockade would face “practical and unprecedented action,” and that Iran has shown restraint up to now to “give diplomacy a chance” and give Washington a window to escape the “quagmire” it has found itself in.

Subscribe to @SputnikInt

🇵🇰🇮🇷⚡️Pakistan has officially notified and opened six overland transit routes for goods (including third-country cargo) destined for Iran, primarily to clear a backlog of over 3,000 Iran-bound containers stranded at ports like Karachi, Port Qasim, and Gwadar due to disruptions in the Strait of Hormuz and restrictions on Iranian ports.
🇺🇸⚡️🇮🇷 Moulton Hits Hegseth With $14 Billion Iran Profit Question

MOULTON: How much has Iran profited from your administration lifting the sanctions?

HEGSETH: Iran is financially devastated right now.

MOULTON: They've earned about $14 billion. Does that sound like winning?

🚩 ResistanceTrench | Boost
🇺🇸⚡️🇮🇷 American regime treat the Minab massacre like a budget expense

KHANNA: How much did it cost American taxpayers, in terms of the strike on the Iranian school where kids were killed, in terms of the missiles we used?

HEGSETH: That unfortunate situation remains under investigation. I wouldn’t tie a cost to that.

They bombed a girls’ elementary school in broad daylight, slaughtering innocent children, and the only question that matters to them is the price of the missiles. Utterly inhuman!

🚩 ResistanceTrench | Boost

