"They should get a psychiatrist into the White House"

Leila Hatoum argues that Trump's unstable behavior and false claims makes him a dangerous liability.

@PressTV
Iran’s Judiciary rejects Trump’s claims on planned execution of 8 women

Iran’s Judiciary has dismissed claims by US President Donald Trump that eight women are facing imminent execution in Iran. 

@PressTV
Iran urges UN to compel US to release Iranian commercial vessel, crew; calls seizure 'act of piracy'

Iran's ambassador to the United Nations has formally requested that the world body compel the United States to release the Iranian commercial vessel Touska, its crew, their families, and all affected individuals immediately and unconditionally.

@PressTV
El Ghriba pilgrimage returns amid normalization debate in Tunisia

Iskandar Naouar reports from Tunis

@PressTV
A leading US nuclear scientist fell victim to a honey trap, compromising the locations of American nuclear weapons in exchange for a drink.

@PressTV
Foreign diplomats visit Tehran synagogue destroyed in US-Israeli attack

Gisoo Misha Ahmadi reports from Tehran

@PressTV
Iran's military warns US, Israel about 'an even harsher lesson'

Iran's highest operational command unit has again strongly warned the US and the Israeli regime against any instance of aggression targeting the Islamic Republic, saying the country's retaliation to such transgression would "immediately" strike pre-determined targets.

@PressTV
ECB Chief Christine Lagarde warned that Europe’s economic outlook is increasingly uncertain due to the Strait of Hormuz closure, as a result of the American-Israeli war on Iran, which is disrupting energy supplies and fueling inflation concerns.

@PressTV
Congressman Mike Quigley is demanding the impeachment of President Trump for failing to fulfill his duties and committing high crimes and misdemeanors, saying, "The President needs an independent cognitive assessment now. We can’t afford to wait until he lashes out at Iran or another nation and decides to commit war crimes in the middle of the night."

@PressTV
Israeli troops were filmed themselves singing the regime’s anthem, "Hatikvah," in a southern Lebanese village they reduced to rubble, while provocatively paying military salute to the regime’s flag they raised on Lebanese soil.

@PressTV


Pakistani Artist Honors Martyred Leader with A Sand Portrait

A young Pakistani artist paid tribute to martyred leader Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei by creating a striking sand portrait on the beach.

@PressTV
According to Amir Saeid Iravani, Iran's ambassador to the United Nations, Tehran has received signs indicating that the United States is ready to end the naval blockade.

@PressTV
Trump's erratic behavior signal US deadlock: Ansarullah

A senior member of Yemen's Ansarullah popular resistance movement says US President Donald Trump's erratic behavior signals his entanglement in a deadlock amid Iran's continued successful steadfastness in the face of Washington's demands.

@PressTV
🔸 Hormuz, the story of a strait 🔸

The British Trap — And the 1941 Invasion

Britain fears losing Hormuz forever. A key Iranian minister is eliminated, then World War II arrives—British warships crush Iran’s navy, and the Strait falls back under imperial control.

Watch the full documentary

@PresstvDoc
Following US appeals court ruling, from now on Texas can require the Ten Commandments to be displayed in public school classrooms.

The 5th Circuit Court of Appeals said in the decision that Texas’ law did not violate the First Amendment, which protects religious freedom and prevents the government from establishing a religion. The ruling may spark a potential clash at the US Supreme Court in the future.

@PressTV
Masked Israeli settlers set fire to a Palestinian family's home and surrounded it to prevent them from escaping. The family's one-year-old baby was among the injured.

@PressTV

🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️- Advisor to Iran's Parliament Speaker: 

"Trump's ceasefire extension means nothing. The losing side cannot dictate terms. The continuation of the siege is no different from bombardment and must be met with a military response. Moreover, Trump's ceasefire extension is certainly a ploy to buy time for a surprise strike. The time for Iran to take the initiative has come."
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️- "One reason for Trump's decision is Washington and Islamabad's anticipation of the Iranian Supreme Leader's response to the latest proposal." - Axios.

Note: Axios reported 20 hours ago that Iran had already gotten the green light from Supreme Leader Mojtaba Khamenei, it now says they are still awaiting it.
🇺🇸⚡️- Polls in Virginia close in 1 hour to decide the fate of a Congressional redistricting amendment that would gerrymander the state aggressively in favor of Democrats.
🇺🇸⚡️- The SPLC has been indicted in federal court in Alabama on eleven counts, including bank fraud, wire fraud, and conspiracy to commit money laundering. 

Attorney General Todd Blanche claimed that between 2014 and 2023, the SPLC paid $3 million to various people to infiltrate the KKK and Nazi groups, to which Blanche said they were involved in “manufacturing extremism,” resulting in SPLC lawfare against the groups or individuals as a result.
🇺🇸🌎⚡- “SOUTHCOM Commander Gen. Francis L. Donovan has directed the establishment of the SOUTHCOM Autonomous Warfare Command (SAWC) to support the U.S. President’s National Security Strategy priorities, U.S. Secretary of War’s National Defense Strategy lines of effort, SOUTHCOM imperatives, regional security cooperation, and operational dominance.” - U.S. Southern Command.
 — FBI Director Kash Patel:
I've never been intoxicated on the job, and that's why we filed a $250 million lawsuit, and if any of you want to participate — bring it on. I'll see you in court.
🇺🇸⚡- The DHS X account posted a photo of Fenway Park with the quote, “Worth Fighting For.” This post is quite certainly a reference to a video uploaded to the Boston Red Sox’s social media page of a baseball game in the 1950s-60s, which went viral on right-wing X due to its overwhelmingly White audience. 

Notably, the DHS post demonstrates that DHS will continue to propagandize and garner sympathy with the online nativist right-wing through fleeting online sentiments. While at the same time, DHS Secretary Mullin advocates for more legal immigration and believes the expense of mass deportations is unfeasible.
 — President Trump met with his core national security team at the White House to discuss Iran on Tuesday, and the talks led to his decision to extend the ceasefire, according to The Guardian.

 Attendees included JD Vance, Marco Rubio, Pete Hegseth, and Dan Caine, while Tulsi Gabbard was not present.
🇺🇸⚡️- At 9% reporting the Virginia gerrymandering referendum looks poised to pass.

The only county with 95% of its votes counted so far is Mathews County, which only shows a 3 point shift to the right from 2024. Not enough for "no" to win.
🇺🇸⚡️- At 16% reporting "Yes" retains its lead even as most of the DC area is yet to report votes. 

Charlottesville is overwhelmingly in favor of "Yes"
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️- President Trump crashes out at Wall Street Journal editor Elliot Kaufman for writing an article titled “The Iranians take Trump for a sucker.”
🇺🇸⚡️- At 36% of the votes in "No" is in the lead however most of the DC area is still not reporting its votes. 

From the few votes we do have "Yes" is overperforming Kamala Harris's margin of victory in 2024.
🇺🇸⚡- A U.S. appeals court ruled in favor of Texas’s required display of the Ten Commandments in school today.
🇺🇸⚡️- At 58% reporting "No" is still in the lead. Much of the DC area is yet to finish counting however. Yes is still favored to pass.
🇺🇸⚡️- At 67% reporting its clear that as the votes from the DC area are counted that "Yes" will win.

Virginia's congressional delegation after the November elections will likely be 10 Democrats to 1 Republican. The most aggressive gerrymander in the entire country.
🇺🇸⚡️- Despite the GOP and President Trump's massive hoarding of money, they spent very little combatting this referendum while the Democrats spent over 65 million dollars.

This gerrymander single handily will switch control of the House over to Democrats come November.
🇺🇸⚡️- The low budget and unorganized nature of the opposition campaign can be seen in these fliers handed out by volunteers outside some voting locations.

The first being a facebook meme that was circulated by GOP influencers starting earlier this year, the second written and produced by a local GOP group likely without outside support.
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️- “Iran doesn’t want the Strait of Hormuz closed, they want it open so they can make $500 Million Dollars a day (which is, therefore, what they are losing if it is closed!). They only say they want it closed because I have it totally BLOCKADED (CLOSED!), so they merely want to “save face.” People approached me four days ago, saying, “Sir, Iran wants to open up the Strait, immediately.” But if we do that, there can never be a Deal with Iran, unless we blow up the rest of their Country, their leaders included! President DONALD J. TRUMP” - President Trump on Truth Social.
🇺🇸🇨🇺⚡️- A US Navy MQ-4C has again been patrolling the borders of Cuba.
🇺🇸 - The US Navy is expected to award the contract for the production of its next-generation naval F/A-XX fighter program in August.

Boeing and Northrop Grumman are the two companies believed to be competing for the contract, which will replace the F/A-18 Super Hornets currently used by the Navy onboard their carriers. 

Boeing has already been selected to complete the Air Force's next-generation fighter, the Boeing F-47.
🇺🇸🇮🇷 - "U.S. Central Command forces remain ready..." - U.S. Central Command.
🇬🇧 - The United Kingdom Parliament has introduced a total ban on Tobacco and Vapes for anyone born after 2008.

"Prevention is better than cure – this reform will save lives, ease pressure on the NHS, and build a healthier Britain." - Wes Streeting, UK Secretary of State for Health and Social Care
 — Trump's ceasefire extension in Iran will be "short-lived" unless a deal is reached quickly, according to Fox News, citing sources.

 The extension of the ceasefire was mostly out of respect to the Pakistani mediators.


❗️Al Jazeera correspondent says Pakistan is making a final attempt to bring the US and Iran back to the negotiating table.

- While Trump extended the ceasefire ambiguously, he may break it in two more days, so he is likely to play with financial market prices again.

@intelSlava
This guy is literally a paradox, he said he would destroy Iran, and everyone expected this to happen. However, he later announced an unexpected ceasefire, which he has now extended to an indefinite date. Then war may resume unexpectedly.

@IntelSlava
❗️He is playing the news and market insider trading game. 

- When everyone is panicking due to his threat to Iran and escalation, people will move in this direction in the market; then later, when the result is better than expected, they will profit because they knew the unexpected outcome before it was officially released, and people who followed his bluff will lose.

Now, when people think the ceasefire is going well and start to feel de-escalation and move in this direction, expect them to move against this again in the short term and unexpectedly resume the war. Again, the people who believed in his lie will lose, and they will profit.

- This is a classic insider trading game.

@IntelSlava
❗️BREAKING | Axios from sources: One of the reasons for Trump's decision is that Washington and Islamabad are waiting for the Iranian Supreme Leader's response to the latest proposal.
🇮🇷🇺🇸❗️ Advisor to Mohammad Bagher Ghalibaf, Iran’s parliament speaker:

“Trump’s decision to extend the ceasefire makes no sense. The ceasefire extension is an attempt to buy time for a surprise attack. Iran currently holds the initiative.”

@IntelSlava
❗️The Iran-US ceasefire has officially ended.
❗️  BREAKING - CNN: The reason for Trump's extension of the ceasefire was the lack of a response from Iran. Trump has sent several letters to Iran via Pakistan, but Iran has not responded for several days. This has created suspicion in Washington about the disunity and discord among Iranians. They believe the Iranians are deeply debating this issue among themselves. Instead of attacking, let's give more time to see what their final answer is.

- So, Trump's statement in his tweet was correct according to their understanding, but that doesn't mean their understanding is correct. Iran's delay and lack of response may have other reasons, not necessarily meaning a breakdown in unity.

@IntelSlava

IRGC spokesperson Zolfaghari 'WARNS' Trump, US 'TERRORIST' military:

'Forces 100% ready, hands on the trigger in the event of ANY ACTION against Iran'

'Will teach another lesson to aggressive America and CHILD-KILLING Zionist regime'

'More severe than EVER BEFORE'
Pakistan THANKS Trump for accepting ‘REQUEST’ to extend Iran ceasefire — PM Sharif

Iran says it DID NOT request any extension
‘This is a woman who continues to try and go after and attack people because she thinks it’s good for clickbait on social media’ — Cory Mills on feud with Nancy Mace

Mace introduced a resolution to expel Mills
‘Any person or vessel facilitating these flows—through covert trade and finance—risks exposure to US sanctions’ — Treasury Sec. Scott Bessent on navy blockade

Bessent also announced sanctions on 14 targets ‘for their involvement in helping the Iranian regime obtain weapons’
FBI Director Kash Patel on The Atlantic 'MIA' report:

'First one in… last one out — NEVER INTOXICATED on the job'

Says that’s why a $250M defamation lawsuit was filed

'Anyone who wants to join? Bring it on — SEE YOU IN COURT!'
REPORTER: ‘You’re alleging that the SPLC was paying the leaders of KKK and other groups to continue their operations?’

BLANCHE: ‘I’m not alleging it. The grand jury returned an indictment that says that’
Journalist: Explain your login issue

Patel: Who here actually believes that?

Journalist: Did you say you thought you were fired after losing access?

Patel: ABSOLUTE LIE — I was NEVER locked out

Journalist: YOUR LAWSUIT says OTHERWISE!

Patel: ANYONE claiming that IS LYING
SPLC ‘unsurprised’ by being ‘TARGETED’ by Trump admin

‘The SPLC has stood as a beacon of hope, fighting white supremacy and various forms of injustice, to create a multiracial democracy’

‘They have made no secret of who they want to protect and who they want to destroy’
TOP US nuclear scientist gets honey-trapped, casually REVEALS NUKE LOCATIONS to ‘pretty girl’ over drinks

Now placed on LEAVE after James O’Keefe exposé
CENTCOM 'show of force' footage WARNS Iran

'US Central Command forces REMAIN READY'
Trump rages against ‘IDIOT,’ ‘MORON’ at The Wall Street Journal while saying he turned Iran into ‘TATTERS’
‘I put certain people on the United States Supreme Court who totally misrepresented who they were, and the true ideology for which they stand’ — Trump on his SCOTUS picks


IDF troops singing Israel's national anthem 'Hatikvah' in village REDUCED TO RUBBLE in southern Lebanon
Texas to DISPLAY Ten Commandments in public school classrooms — CNN

SCOTUS could have FINAL decision
Iranians at Tehran's Revolution Square MINUTES after CEASEFIRE EXPIRED
They only say they want it closed because I have it totally BLOCKADED (CLOSED!) — Trump on the Strait

‘So they merely want to ‘SAVE FACE’

‘People APPROACHED me four days ago, saying, ‘Sir, Iran wants to open up the STRAIT, immediately’

‘But if we do that, there can NEVER be a DEAL’
CAR CRASHES INTO POLICE STATION IN PHILLY

MIRACULOUSLY everyone survived

Does that make for less paperwork?
Judge DROPS defamation lawsuit by Kash Patel vs ex-FBI Frank Figliuzzi

Figliuzzi’s claim that Patel spent 'more time in nightclubs than at FBI HQ' was 'rhetorical hyperbole' — Judge 

Source: kyledcheney
R18 MAGA influencer 'Emily Hart' revealed to be AI — created by 22-yo man in India, paying for medical school

Source: NYpost
ILHAN OMAR LASHES OUT OVER $30 MILLION NETWORTH:

‘I think you’re STUPID for asking me ANYTHING

 I don’t have to tell you JACK SH*T’
VERY POLITE ROBBER in Ohio robs hotel — cops appeal for info:

Clerk: 'Do you want the coins too?'

Robber: 'I'm good thank you'

Source: CollinRugg
Palestinian family stranded in HORROR as Israelis SET FIRE to their home and surrounded it to prevent escape

1-YO BABY among INJURED
2 Philadelphia robbers with RIFLES pull off BOLD $1.8 MILLION heist from truck
Amazing ‘COSMIC SEA SLUG’ pic from NASA’s Hubble Telescope — 5,000 light-years from Earth
LARA TRUMP: 'His life would be EASIER if he never went into politics 

He's got LESS money than what he went in with

He's doing what he thinks is RIGHT'


According to Israeli reports, an Israeli settler recruited by Iran received only 150 shekels (approximately $40) for military intelligence provided by his brother, an active-duty soldier.

🚩 ResistanceTrench | Boost
Ceasefire extension? Didn't notice it was Tuesday

🚩 ResistanceTrench | Boost
🇮🇷⚡️🇺🇸🇮🇱 The 2 weeks ceasefire is now over; Iran has not yet responded to Trump’s unilateral ceasefire extension.

🚩 ResistanceTrench | Boost
Explosions in the Erbil province of northern Iraq

🚩 ResistanceTrench | Boost
Local media: Explosions in the Erbil province of northern Iraq from strikes by unidentified drones

🚩 ResistanceTrench | Boost
🇺🇸🇮🇶🇮🇷  Explosions in the Erbil resulted from strikes by Iranian drones on the headquarters of US-backed kurdish terrorist groups.

🚩 ResistanceTrench | Boost
🇺🇸 🇮🇶 🇮🇷  US-backed Kurdish terror groups report their HQs came under fire by Iranian suicide drones after original ceasefire period finished.

🚩 ResistanceTrench | Boost
🇺🇸 🇮🇷 I'm not an expert on this topic, but I can confirm that the weather changed immediately after Iran destroyed US radars in the UAE at the start of the war. Dried-up lakes, including the famous Urmia Lake, revived after decades of drought, and we are experiencing many rainy days like the good old days (decades ago), many dams are overflowing. 

I'm not sure if there is a connection or just coincidence, but we are clearly seeing signs.

🚩 ResistanceTrench | Boost
Iran streets tonight (picture of missile) 

🚩 ResistanceTrench | Boost

— 🇮🇷 NEW: The atmosphere of Tehran’s Revolution Square, 3:30 AM, after the expiration of the ceasefire

@Middle_East_Spectator
— 🇺🇸/🇮🇷 NOTE: The U.S. is probably waiting for the USS George H.W. Bush aircraft carrier strike group to arrive in the Arabian Sea, before resuming operations against Iran

Based on publicly available flight tracking information, the carrier strike group is currently located somewhere near the coast of Tanzania or Kenya, and will arrive in the Middle East in 3-5 days.

It will be the third carrier group deployed to the CENTCOM area, alongside the USS Abraham Lincoln and the USS Gerald R. Ford.

@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷 President Trump on Truth Social:

‘Iran doesn't want the Strait of Hormuz closed, they want it open so they can make $500 Million Dollars a day (which is, therefore, what they are losing if it is closed!). 

They only say they want it closed because I have it totally BLOCKADED (CLOSED!), so they merely want to "save face." 

People approached me four days ago, saying, "Sir, Iran wants to open up the Strait, immediately." 

But if we do that, there can never be a Deal with Iran, unless we blow up the rest of their Country, their leaders included! 

President DONALD J. TRUMP’

@Middle_East_Spectator
The fact that Iranian officials still haven’t issued any statement on the ceasefire or replied to Trump, is slightly annoying yet somehow also very funny.

I guess Araqchi, Qalibaf, Pezeshkian and the rest of the gang are all sleeping. So I probably should too.
POV: ‘Maybe if we pretend we don’t want it open, they’ll open it’

REAKING: FBI Director Kash Patel and Acting AG Todd Blanche announced an 11-count indictment against the Southern Poverty Law Center, accusing the nonprofit of fraudulently paying extremist groups.

A grand jury in Alabama charged the SPLC with six counts of wire fraud, four counts of bank fraud, and one count of conspiracy to commit money laundering.

@insiderpaper
NEW: An American archaeologist believes he may have identified the location of the lost Ark of the Covenant and hopes to launch a search.

Professor Chris McKinny suggests it could be buried beneath the City of David, just south of the Dome of the Rock, one of Jerusalem’s oldest areas, Daily Mail reports

@insiderpaper
BREAKING: Texas can require public schools to display the Ten Commandments in classrooms, US appeals court rules — AP

@insiderpaper
BREAKING: Virginia voters approve a Democratic redistricting plan that could allow the party to pick up as many as four new seats in the midterm elections, NBC News projects.

@insiderpaper
The FBI is leading the effort to look for possible connections into the cases o missing or deceased scientists and staff who worked at sensitive nuclear or space technology labs — CBS

#Iran / #Israel / #USA 🇮🇷🇮🇱🇺🇸: Iranian Forces (#IRGC) parading with “Ghadr / Shahab-3B” Medium-Range Ballistic Missiles in #Tehran hours before ceasefire ends.

https://x.com/i/status/2046663785860026568
#Iran / #Israel / #USA 🇮🇷🇮🇱🇺🇸: Iranian Forces (#IRGC) continue parading with various Ballistic Missiles in #Tehran prior to the expiration of ceasefire.

IRGC seemingly displayed “Khorramshahr-4” (Kheibar) Medium-Range missile and “Fateh-110” Short-Range missile as well.

https://x.com/i/status/2046703370556014629

 - Admin Note :-

- I don't think Iranians are uncertain and debating intensely. The Iranian authority is still strongly unified. They were very clear recently: they will not accept humiliation. According to them, negotiating under a blockade and while their ships are occupied—which they consider a violation of the ceasefire—is humiliation. They were very clear: until you lift the blockade, we will not negotiate. They were not disorganized; they were very clear on their stance. They are willing to fight until the end in order not to accept humiliation.

@intelSlava

here are the trump truth social posts : 


Donald J. Trump

@realDonaldTrump

·
4m
Salena Zito: Trump has a way with Pennsylvania. This interview shows why.
washingtonpost.com/opinions/20



Donald J. Trump

@realDonaldTrump

·
1h
Iran doesn’t want the Strait of Hormuz closed, they want it open so they can make $500 Million Dollars a day (which is, therefore, what they are losing if it is closed!). They only say they want it closed because I have it totally BLOCKADED (CLOSED!), so they merely want to “save face.” People approached me four days ago, saying, “Sir, Iran wants to open up the Strait, immediately.” But if we do that, there can never be a Deal with Iran, unless we blow up the rest of their Country, their leaders included! President DONALD J. TRUMP



1.87k





Donald J. Trump

@realDonaldTrump

Wacko James Carville, a so-called Democrat “strategist,” wants the Democrats to make D.C. and Puerto Rico States and, most importantly, pack the Supreme Court, putting 13 Justices on the Court. Other Dems want 21 Justices. If they pull off adding these two States, these Country Destroying Sleazebags will dominate politics in America, if we even have a Nation left, for 100 years (TERMINATE THE FILIBUSTER!). They are already doing great with the Supreme Court, however. The Democrat Justices stick together like glue, totally loyal to the people and ideology that got them there. They are an immovable force, and there is nothing that can be done to change that. Frankly, I respect that, a lot! Certain Republican Appointees let the Democrats push them around, always wanting to be popular, politically correct, or even worse, wanting to show how “independent” they are, with very little loyalty to the man who appointed them or, more importantly, the ideology from which they came to be Nominated and Confirmed. Everyone knows that, as an example, Birthright Citizenship, which is Unconditional and Absent from any other developed or successful Country, is a disaster for the United States of America. No Country can be successful with such an anchor wrapped firmly around its neck but, based on the questioning by Republican Nominated Justices that I watched firsthand in the Court, we lose. As another example, if the Supreme Court put in one sentence stating that any money paid in Tariffs to the United States of America, to this point, does not have to be returned (to many people who hate our Country!), they would have saved American Taxpayers a minimum of $159 Billion Dollars. All they had to do was read the Dissent, written by Justice Kavanaugh, it was a close call, it wasn’t a 9-0 decision — What a difference it would have made for our Country. I put certain people on the United States Supreme Court who totally misrepresented who they were, and the true ideology for which they stand! President DONALD J. TRUMP



3.31k

ReTruths

10.7k

Likes
Apr 21, 2026, 7:45 PM







Avatar
Donald J. Trump

@realDonaldTrump

THE WALL STREET JOURNAL HAS LOST ITS WAY!

An IDIOT on The Wall Street Journal’s Editorial Board, named Elliot Kaufman, just wrote an Op Ed entitled, “The Iranians Take Trump for a Sucker.” Really? For 47 years, they have killed our people, and many others, and taken advantage of every President, except me — And what did I give to them, a Country in tatters! Their entire Navy is at the bottom of the Sea, their Air Force is gone, their Anti Aircraft and Radar is wiped out, their Nuclear Labs and Storage Areas were OBLITERATED late one dark June evening by our Great B-2 Bombers, their leaders are DEAD, including General Soleimani, their evil genius who destroyed the lives of so many with his favored roadside bombs, the Strait of Hormuz is BLOCKADED and totally controlled by the U.S., with no Ships allowed to go to Iranian Ports — It is said that they are losing 500 Million Dollars a day because of this — Their Country is an Economic Catastrophe, that is hanging by a thread. Barack Hussein Obama gave them 1.7 Billion Dollars in “Green” Cash, flown in by a Boeing 757 to their leaders, and Hundreds of Billions of Dollars in order to help them on their way to a Nuclear Bomb. Other Presidents did nothing to stop them, a BLIGHT on the Office of the Presidency! But despite all of this, I have a MORON on the Editorial Board of The Wall Street Journal writing about me being taken for a “sucker.” Iran certainly doesn’t think so! Neither does anyone else. I guess Rupert Murdoch told him to write it this way, because The Wall Street Journal has lost its way, no longer required reading, just another failing political “RAG!” President DONALD J. TRUMP



2.67k

ReTruths

9.75k

Likes
Apr 21, 2026, 7:35 PM





Continue the conversation

Sign up now to create your personalized experience.

Donald J. Trump

@realDonaldTrump

My Administration just delivered a BIG WIN for the Great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, which I love, and WON by the largest margin in History. Based on this, the Commerce Department worked with Governor Josh Shapiro, who has now agreed to keep open TWO BEAUTIFUL, CLEAN COAL PLANTS in Indiana and Armstrong Counties. Radical Left Lunatics wanted to get rid of these wonderful Plants in favor of WIND FARMS, which kill the birds, and are both costly and ineffective. We will never allow that to happen! Thankfully, we struck a deal to guarantee these Plants will not be “retired.” I WILL ALWAYS FIGHT FOR THE FANTASTIC PEOPLE OF PENNSYLVANIA! President DONALD J. TRUMP



2.96k

ReTruths

11.9k

Likes
Apr 21, 2026, 6:56 PM











