SO HERES THE FEED : 


🇺🇦The Hungarian company MOL has received an official notification from "Ukrtransnafta" about the readiness to resume oil supplies through the "Druzhba" pipeline, the company reported.

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇷🇺🇺🇦A Russian citizen, acting on the orders of Ukrainian terrorists, planned to set off an explosion near the Defense Ministry's facilities in Moscow. 

The terrorist attack was prevented, and the man was detained. He intended to commit the crime, then travel to Ukraine to participate in military actions against Russia.

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇺🇦🇸🇰🛢️Ukraine started pumping oil through Druzhba with deliveries to Slovakia expected to resume on Thursday, minister says
Slovak economy minister Denisa Saková just said that the Ukrainian operator Ukrtransnafta has confirmed it started pumping oil through the Druzhba pipeline, with deliveries to Slovakia expected to resume on Thursday morning.

@DDGeopolitics
🇺🇦🇪🇺💶 European taxpayer 90 Billion Euros are about to be ditched in the Ukrainian blackhole.

Ambassadors from the 27 member states are meeting this morning to discuss the disbursement of the loan, which has been held up until now by Hungary’s outgoing prime minister, Viktor Orbán.

@DDGeopolitics
🇪🇺🇮🇱EU foreign ministers reject proposal to suspend association agreement with Israel.

A part suspension was tabled by Ireland, Spain and Slovenia but did not receive enough backing from other member states

The EU remains split on imposing sanctions on Israel, despite some member states criticising the country over the plight of Gaza and violence against Palestinians by Israeli settlers in the West Bank.

Kaka Kallas, the EU foreign embarrassment policy chief, said proposals for a part suspension of the EU-Israel association agreement remained on the table but required states to shift their positions to come into force.

Speaking after a meeting between EU foreign ministers, she told reporters: “We didn’t see that today, but these discussions will continue.”

Supporting the genocide of the Palestinian people is what the Brusselian elites know best.

@DDGeopolitics
🇺🇸🇨🇩🇦🇫Washington to Dump Loyal Afghan Allies in War-Torn Congo.

In a move that critics are calling a profound betrayal of international trust, the Trump administration is reportedly negotiating to deport roughly 1,100 Afghan nationals—who risked their lives to serve American interests—to the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC).
This decision marks the final collapse of an initiative intended to provide sanctuary to those who enabled the decades-long US occupation of Afghanistan. Having served as the "boots on the ground" for American forces, these interpreters and their families now find themselves discarded by the very empire they helped sustain.

@DDGeopolitics
🇮🇷🚢🆘Second ship reports attack in strait of Hormuz.
The UK Maritime Trade Operations (UKMTO) said it received a report of a second ship coming under attack in the strait of Hormuz.

A cargo ship was fired at about 8 nautical miles northwest of Iran, UKMTO said, although it did not say where the shots were fired from.

In a report issued this morning, UKMTO said: “A master of an outbound cargo ship reports having been fired upon and is now stopped in the water. Crew are safe and accounted for. There is no reported damage to the vessel.

@DDGeopolitics
🇮🇷❌🇺🇸🇮🇱Two million people in Iran lost their jobs because of the Epsteinite Syndicate war of immorality, says Iranian Deputy Labor minister.

@DDGeopolitics
🇮🇷🚢🆘Third ship attacked in strait of Hormuz 
A third ship has been attacked in the strait of Hormuz, the BBC has reported.

Maritime intelligence company Vanguard told BBC Verify that the ship was targeted about 6 nautical miles off the coast of Iran. Vanguard said the vessel was hailed by the Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) and “instructed to drop anchor”.

The ship has reported “damage to the hull and accommodation”.

@DDGeopolitics
🇮🇷🚢Iran seizes two ships in strait of Hormuz - Just In

Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) navy has seized two ships in the strait of Hormuz, according to Iran’s semi-official Tasnim news agency.

The ships were identified as MSC Francesca and Epaminondas, which were reportedly directed to Iranian shores after they were 
“operating without the required authorisation and for ⁠manipulating navigation systems”.

The IRGC was quoted as saying
: “Disrupting order and safety in the strait of Hormuz is our red line.”

@DDGeopolitics
🇮🇱🇵🇸Occupied West Bank: Zionist forces violently ambushed the funeral procession of two Palestinians in al-Mughayyir today.

According to reports, the occupation army opened fire with live ammunition, stun grenades, and tear gas on grieving mourners. The victims being laid to rest—a teenager and a man—were slaughtered just yesterday during a brutal settler raid on a local school.

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
⚠️🇪🇺🇺🇦🇷🇺EU AMBASSADORS START THE PROCESS OF AGREEING ON A LOAN OF 90 BILLION EUROS FOR UKRAINE AND THE 20TH PACKAGE OF SANCTIONS AGAINST RUSSIA

HUNGARY HAS WITHDRAWN ITS OBJECTIONS

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇺🇦🇺🇸 Rueters reports that America is sourcing Ukrainian military technologies.
 In a desperate attempt to patch the glaring holes in its Middle Eastern defenses, the U.S. occupation force has reportedly begun deploying experimental technology sourced from its Ukrainian proxy at Prince Sultan Air Base in Saudi Arabia.

​The move highlights a growing sense of panic within the Pentagon as its multi-million dollar regional facilities continue to be humiliated by cost-effective resistance strikes. According to several sources, the U.S. is now forced to rely on the "Sky Map" command-and-control platform—a product of the ongoing, NATO-fueled conflict in Eastern Europe—to protect its assets after traditional Western systems failed to prevent the destruction of aircraft and the loss of personnel.

​This transfer of technology underscores the symbiotic relationship between the two entities: while Washington uses Ukraine as a testing ground for modern warfare at the cost of countless lives, it is now frantically importing that same "battle-hardened" tech to safeguard its interventionist outposts in the Gulf. For an empire that prides itself on technological superiority, turning to a war-torn client state for protection is a stark admission of its increasing vulnerability on the global stage.

@DDGeopolitics
🇺🇦🇪🇺💶EU's €90bn loan for Ukraine provisionally approved; formal procedure to conclude on Thursday, EU presidency says,

The Cypriot presidency of the European Union has just confirmed that the €90bn loan has been given a preliminary go-ahead by EU ambassadors.

@DDGeopolitics
🇮🇷❌🇺🇸🇮🇱Well, finally the Epsteinite war on Iran is going to disrupt people's lives in a way unexpected -Condoms are going to get expensive according to CNN.

Karex CEO Goh Miah Kiat told Reuters on Tuesday that the company may be forced to raise prices at least 20% to 30%, depending on how long the disruption lasts. Global supply chains have been impacted by the war since the end of February and the chokehold on the Strait of Hormuz, cutting off some of the materials used in condom production.

The straight of Hormuz is becoming a straight problem indeed 

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇪🇺🇺🇦 The EU and the European Investment Bank have announced a fresh €600 million funding package for Kiev.

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇮🇷🇺🇸| Iran’s IRGC attacked a 3rd vessel ‘EUPHORIA’ and prevented it from continuing its course.

The vessel reportedly was forced to dock at the UAE. 

@FotrosResistancee

—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷/🇮🇷 BREAKING: The IRGC Navy announces that it seized two ships attempting to violate the blockade of the Strait of Hormuz

The ‘MSC-FRANCESCA’ and ‘EPAMINODES’ were both transferred to Iran’s territorial waters until further notice.

These are the same two ships that were fired upon today, according to UKMTO.

@Middle_East_Spectator
🥀Hassan Akram Al-Khashan, from the town of Sohmar, was martyred in the Israeli raid that targeted the outskirts of Al-Jabour in the western Bekaa Valley, this morning.
رُمَاتُنا ماهِرون وقَبضاتُنا كثيرَة وصَوَاريخُنا أكثَر...
For the third day in a row, Hezbullah works to ensure what was will not be.

In response to Israeli violations and attacks, the Israeli artillery base in the Lebanese Bayada town was attacked with one suicide drone 

بيان صادر عن المقاومة الإسلامية (1):‏
      
بِسْمِ اللَّـهِ الرحمن الرَّحِيمِ
‏﴿أُذِنَ لِلَّذِينَ يُقَاتَلُونَ بِأَنَّهُمْ ظُلِمُوا وَإِنَّ اللَّهَ عَلَىٰ نَصْرِهِمْ لَقَدِيرٌ﴾‏
صَدَقَ اللهُ العَلِيّ العَظِيم

دفاعًا عن لبنان وشعبه، وردًّا على خرق العدوّ الإسرائيليّ لوقف إطلاق النار، واستمرار عدوانه على القرى في جنوب لبنان بالقذائف المدفعيّة، استهدف مجاهدو المُقاومة الإسلاميّة عند السّاعة 11:00 الأربعاء 22-04-2026 مربض المدفعية المستحدث التابع لجيش العدوّ الإسرائيليّ في بلدة البيّاضة بمحلّقة انقضاضيّة وشوهدت النيران تشتعل في إحدى غرف إدارة النيران.

﴿وَمَا النَّصْرُ إِلاَّ مِنْ عِندِ اللّهِ الْعَزِيزِ الْحَكِيم﴾‏
الأربعاء 22-04-2026‏
04 ذو القعدة 1447 هـ
No it was not lol
🇮🇷🇺🇸| Iran’s IRGC attacked a 3rd vessel ‘EUPHORIA’ and prevented it from continuing its course.

The vessel reportedly was forced to dock at the UAE. 

@FotrosResistancee
— The USS H.W. Bush carrier arrives in 3-5 days.

Trump says he’s giving Iran ‘about three to five days’ to negotiate.

Do the math.

@Middle_East_Spectator
❗️Two Martyrs in an Israeli drone strike on a car in Al-Tiri town 

The IDF isn't in town and the Lebanese army entered it recently 

The attack happened next to journalists.

—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷 NEW: An IRGC gunboat approached a container vessel 15 Nautical Miles off Oman and opened fire at it, causing heavy damage – UKMTO

@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷 NEW: The IRGC Navy attacked another vessel, 8 Nautical Miles off Iran, forcing it to stop

@Middle_East_Spectator
— 🇺🇸/🇮🇷 President Trump on Truth Social:

‘Iran is collapsing financially! They want the Strait of Hormuz opened immediately-Starving for cash! Losing 500 Million Dollars a day. Military and Police complaining that they are not getting paid. SOS!!!’

@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷/ BREAKING: The IRGC Navy announces that it seized two ships attempting to violate the blockade of the Strait of Hormuz

The ‘MSC-FRANCESCA’ and ‘EPAMINODES’ were both transferred to Iran’s territorial waters until further notice.

These are the same two ships that were fired upon today, according to UKMTO.

@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇮🇷/🇮🇶 NEW: Iranian drones struck a training camp of Kurdish seperatist groups in Iraqi Kurdistan

@Middle_East_Spectator
— 🇺🇸/🇮🇷/🇵🇰 NEW: Pakistan warned Iran yesterday that it could not guarantee an extension of the ceasefire if Iran did not attend negotiations

Iran replied that it would not attend any new round of talks before the U.S. naval blockade is fully lifted.

This reportedly left Pakistani mediators ‘fuming’ with anger. – Al Arabiya

@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷 NEW: Trump is offering Iran only a ‘short window’ of time before the ceasefire ends – Axios

‘Trump is willing to give another three to five days of ceasefire to allow the Iranians to get their shit together’, a U.S. official said. 

‘It’s not going to be open-ended.’

@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇮🇱/ NEW: Hezbollah launched attack drones and rockets at Israeli positions in southern Lebanon

@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇮🇱/ NEW: In a statement, Hezbollah confirms the attack:

‘In defense of Lebanon and in retaliation to Israeli ceasefire violations, we targeted the newly established Israeli artillery position in Al-Bayadeh with a ‘dive bombing strike’, causing a confirmed impact. 

A fire was seen burning in the fire-control room of the artillery position.’

@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷 NEW: The IRGC Navy targeted a third vessel, ‘EUPHORIA’, forcing it to abandon its journey and anchor in Khor Fakkan, UAE

@Middle_East_Spectator
— The USS H.W. Bush carrier arrives in 3-5 days.

Trump says he’s giving Iran ‘about three to five days’ to negotiate.

Do the math.

@Middle_East_Spectator

Florida tech teacher Michael Klenz ARRESTED for images of 'people having sex with INFANTS' — Sheriff Wayne Ivey 

Source: Libsoftiktok
Prof Finkelstein 'gives credit where it's due' — PRAISES Tucker Carlson for speaking out against war with Iran

'Used his platform A MONTH BEFORE the get-go — when he had several meetings with Trump'

'He counseled against WAR WITH IRAN — said it would be a DISASTER'
Boston marathon runner COLLAPSES as 2 strangers help cross the finish line 

Source: Breaking911
What happened to the DEAD SCIENTISTS? 'Something is up' — Rep. Luna
'That's Trump's TOP adviser' — Candace Owens posts Loomer's unhinged meltdown in ongoing FEUD
'I did NOT kill myself' — NASA scientist's text message 1 month before she 'killed herself'
'You're AMUSING' — killer LAUGHS at Judge handing 2nd LIFE sentence 

Marcus Terry killed his cell mate while serving LIFE for armed robbery
⚡️IRAN IS COLLAPSING — THEY WANT THE STRAIT… OPENED IMMEDIATELY — Trump

‘STARVING FOR CASH’
Why did Trump push to extend the ceasefire? 

Reports suggest US risked 'running out of missiles' if war RESUMED — CNN

50% of missiles, interceptors WASTED over last 7 weeks of war on Iran

'Will take 1-4 years to replenish inventories' — and longer to fully restore stockpiles
'It's a truth universally acknowledged, that...' — Iranian envoy's Pride & Prejudice ref FLIES OVER British broadcaster's head

'English literature NOT my strength'
'He's a Jewish SUPREMACIST' — Dan Bilzerian on Rep. Randy Fine

'PUNISH people who put foreign nations before America — should be HUNG'
'Creation of Israel gave us the power to FIGHT BACK' — Netanyahu celebrates Israel's 78th Independence Day

'People respect only those who respect THEMSELVES'
'Russia is the ONLY country to evacuate its citizens' — Russians living in war-stricken Lebanon return home
Why did Trump extend the ceasefire? 'Virtual silence from Iran' — CNN

Tehran GHOSTING Washington — no reply to US points sent earlier

Message sent via Pakistan on Tuesday… still nothing

Trump extends ceasefire, pushing for talks amid risk of renewed 'unpopular conflict'
Sacramento thief steals CARTFUL of detergent from a small business owner

How MUCH washing does he have?

Source: clownworld
Russia to accept ZERO tariffs with Indonesia

Eurasian Economic Union will have Free Trade Area with Indonesia, which is supposed to increase mutual trade turnover
Police called to home of prominent UFO & extraterrestrial life researcher David Wilcock

Rumors spread online of possible suicide


EU Court of Justice STRIKES DOWN Hungarian law which made it illegal to promote LGBTQ to children — DW

Hungary must now CHANGE the law or pay fines
EVERY US administration targeted Iran since 1979 — Prof Finkelstein

Cites Iran-Iraq war — 'Who supplied weapons to Iraq... enabled usage of chemicals? The United States!'

'Iran was ALWAYS under US agenda'

'Notion Israel convinced Trump Iran is US mortal enemy' lacks 'historical context'
Man gets CARRIED into van by Ukrainian manhunters near Kiev
Ukraine is ready to resume oil supplies through Druzhba pipeline to Hungary

Ukrainian 'Ukrtransnafta' company reported it to the Hungarian MOL
Rabbi known for bulldozer videos flattening homes picked to headline Israel national celebration

Avraham Zarbiv, accused of war crimes, selected to light Independence Day torch — one of country’s highest honors
As Kaja Kallas admits that EU becomes reluctant to support Ukraine, Putin's envoy Dmitriev believes in peace

'Warmongers will lose, peace will prevail'
'NEVER been intoxicated on the job' —FBI Director Kash Patel SUES The Atlantic in $250 MILLION defamation lawsuit 

Source: Reuters
Meta tracks employee keystrokes and mouse movements to train AI

Internal system logs clicks, typing and almost every workflow action

Privacy concerns grow as staff activity turns into training data

AI-generated image
'There shall not fail you as a man to be ruler in Israel' — Trump reads Chronicles 7:18 for the 'America Reads the Bible' White House event
Up to 90 wildfires ravage Georgia state in past few days as DROUGHT worsens

Source: Savannah news
Trump unleashes a wall of text attacking The Wall Street Journal

Elliot Kaufman in particular, for an Op-Ed titled 'The Iranians Take Trump for a Sucker'

'Iran certainly doesn't think so! Neither does anyone else'
Trump BLOCKS a cargo-plane delivery of $500 MILLION in US banknotes to Iraq — WSJ

These are proceeds from Iraqi oil sales from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York

A lot to unpack here
Argentina's President Milei prays at the Western Wall in Jerusalem, on Israel's 78th Independence Day

Source: Quds News Network
'Disgraceful' — UK MP Lowe on Telegraph's investigation that landlords in London search for  'Muslim only' tenants

'Restore Britain will reverse the creeping islamification of our country'
'The persecution of Ukrainian Orthodox Church continues for many years now' — FM Lavrov

There were more than 180 criminal cases against clerics in Ukraine
Violent explosions hit an oil field in Erbil in northern Iraq

Footage — Naya
'Satanism is running rampant' in several European countries — FM Lavrov

One of the objectives of SMO is to defend people who speak Russian language and belong to Russian Orthodox Church
‘Christian population in the Middle East has been declining,’ Lavrov warns, citing Western role in regional crises

Russian FM marks 80 years of Moscow Patriarchate foreign affairs department, praising Russian Orthodox Church’s ‘special role’ in global diplomacy
President of Seychelles Patrick Herminie lays flowers at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Moscow
LA real estate mogul Mohamed Hadid praises Anne Hathaway for saying 'Inshallah' 

'Most welcome to our Islam'
‘Kanye West will not enter Poland. Fascists belong in prison’ — Polish FM Sikorski 

‘Democracy has the right to defend itself against radicals’

Source: gazeta pl
Russian Patriarch Kirill compliments new Pope of Rome for being apart from national political interests

'We have positive relationship with the new Pope and we hope that this kind of atmosphere persists'
Pentagon scraps mandatory flu shots for US troops for ‘medical autonomy’ and ‘religious freedom’

Pete Hegseth, US Secretary of Defense, calls annual flu vaccine mandate 'overly broad' and shifts policy to voluntary choice amid readiness debate and backlash over medical mandates
Orthodox believers under attack by radicals in Syria and Nigeria — Patriarch Kirill of Moscow

'Atrocities and beastly attacks against Christian churches are being committed'

'Only recently, followers of the African Exarchate became the victims of this terror'
Bodycam footage shows a cop in Kiev fleeing an active shooter — while he was firing at passersby

The armed officer left a wounded 10-year-old behind — a random janitor stayed to shield the child

The janitor died from his injuries the next day in the ICU, while the cop is now on trial

Source: Prosecutor's Office of Ukraine

EU's hypocrisy highlighted by Telegram CEO Pavel Durov

'What a nuanced way to “protect children” online' by banning social media for children, but not LGBTQ+ content
Cancel culture still alive? Sydney Sweeney's cameo just got cut from The Devil Wears Prada 2

Sweeney — a registered Republican — already filmed a scene meant to open the movie

But Entertainment Weekly says it was axed due to a 'creative decision'

Just a coincidence?
Philippine ex-President Duterte LOSES bid for release

ICC judges rule to keep him in custody 

Keeping the crimes against humanity case alive over his deadly anti-drug crackdown
Migrant numbers in EU hits a record high — 64 million people

Germany leads by far with nearly 18 million migrants, followed by France (9.6 million), Spain (9.5 million), and Italy (6.9 million)

The footage shows a park in Berlin, Germany

Source: Report from the non-profit Rockwool Foundation citing data from Eurostat and UNHCR
Japan region offers BOUNTY for reporting businesses hiring illegals

Ibaraki Prefecture launches ¥10,000 ($63) tip system per verified case, with reports checked before police action

Critics warn it may fuel profiling and deepen social divisions
❗️Iran SEIZES two vessels in Strait of Hormuz, citing maritime violations — Fars

'Disrupting order and security of Hormuz Strait is our RED LINE'
Iran war hits condom prices 

Karex, maker of 1 in 5 condoms globally, plans a 20-30% price hike

The Strait of Hormuz situation is disrupting supply chains for key materials like silicone oil and ammonia, driving up costs, CNN reports
10 Ukrainian draft officers grab man, pepper-spray his woman

She was left on the ground, sobbing and crying out in helplessness

Zelensky keeps insisting that most videos of forced mobilization are AI fakes and every Ukrainian soldier 'has a choice'
Kalashnikovs, Qurans, and PINK military jeeps — Iranian women 'devoted to sacrificing their lives for Iran' stage symbolic march
❗️ EU ambassadors approve 90B euros loan to Ukraine and 20th sanctions package against Russia
Over 70% of Ukrainians still consume Russian-language content

Nearly a quarter does so daily — Ukraine's Culture Minister Tatiana Berezhnaya

She attributes this not to sympathy, but to accessibility, and platform algorithms, adding it signals a shortage of Ukrainian content
‘I haven't seen leaders from Western democracies to be held accountable for their acts’ — politics prof Malou Tiquia 

She comments on Duterte's ‘crimes against humanity’ case and argues ICC became a TOOL for powerful elites to assert their political messaging
Iran EXECUTES another 'MOSSAD SPY' — Tasnim

Mehdi Farid hanged after court upheld conviction for 'extensive cooperation' with Israel's intelligence agency
Man chases away one of Zelensky's draft goons from his yard with a PITCHFORK
Gunshots ring out as tourists flee in panic in new footage from Teotihuacan pyramids shooting, which left one dead and at least 13 injured

Mexican outlet Milenio reports the gunman, Julio Cesar Jasso, was an admirer of Hitler — attack was carried out on Nazi leader’s birthday
We're thankful to the Seychelles for supporting many of Russia's initiatives within the UN — President Putin

‘Russian tourists account for over 15% of all tourists coming to the Seychelles. Thank you for creating these good conditions for our citizens’

🇮🇷⚡According to reports, IRGC navy targeted a third vessel.

🚩 ResistanceTrench | Boost

Contrary to reports, Iran has not issued any official statement accepting the U.S. extension of the ceasefire.

🇮🇷🇺🇸| Iran’s IRGC attacked a 3rd vessel ‘EUPHORIA’ and prevented it from continuing its course.

The vessel reportedly was forced to dock at the UAE. 

@FotrosResistancee🇮🇷| Iran’s Khatam al-Anbiya (Armed Forces) warns the US:

In light of the repeated threats by Trump & its invading terrorist commanders we warn them:

Our capable & powerful forces have long been at a state of 100% readiness, with their fingers on the trigger so that in the event of aggression or any action against Iran, we will immediately and forcefully strike pre-designated targets and deliver another lesson, harsher than before, to the US aggressor & the child-killing Zionist regime.

@FotrosResistancee
🇮🇷| According to the UKMTO, an IRGC gunboat fired at a container ship, northeast of Oman, causing heavy damage.

The ship likely tried to bypass Iran’s authority on the Strait of Hormuz and ignored warnings. 

@FotrosResistancee
🇮🇷| NOW: The UKMTO reports that a cargo ship was attacked and forced to stop, southwest of Iran. 

Since the UKMTO is not reporting US navy operations against Iranian-affiliated vessels, I assume this is the IRGC’ doing.

@FotrosResistancee
🇮🇷🇺🇸| It seems that Iran has stopped and prevented 2 MSC container ships from sailing further. 

One of the MSC suffered heavy damages after it failed to comply to IRGC’ warning.

This comes after the US navy stopped 3 Iranian-affiliated vessels.

We’re witnessing escalating tensions.

@FotrosResistancee
🇮🇷| Military enthousiast from Iran says:

“I personally witnessed them bombing an Iranian missile base, and 2 hours later, Iran launched a missile from the very same place… That's when I realized that America has lost this war.”

@FotrosResistancee
🇮🇷| Official: The IRGC says it seized 2 violating ships and brought them to the Iranian coast.

2 violating ships, "MSC-FRANCESCA" (linked to ‘Israel’) and "EPAMINODES," which endangered maritime security and operated without necessary permits and by tampering AIS, were seized by Iran. 

@FotrosResistancee
🇮🇷🇺🇸| Iran’s IRGC attacked a 3rd vessel ‘EUPHORIA’ and prevented it from continuing its course.

The vessel reportedly was forced to dock at the UAE. 

@FotrosResistancee
