MORE FEEDDD: 

Trump had one of his worst mental health episodes yet last night, posting over 55 times in 3 hours. Here is the list: 

10:15 PM - Accuses Obama of attempting a coup in 2016 
10:15 PM - Says Obama worked with CIA to overthrow Trump 
10:15 PM - Reposts tweet saying Obama is a “traitor” and that he should be arrested 
10:22 PM - Attacks dominion voting systems for 2020 election saying they switched votes 
10:22 PM - Says Fulton County, GA had their 2020 fraud exposed (there was none) 
10:23 PM - Accuses Obama of personally making $120 million from Obamacare (wtf?)
10:23 PM - Cites quack lawyer Sidney Powell on the 2020 election
10:24 PM - Posts fake JFK Jr account that says Obama wiretapped Trump Tower 
10:27 PM - Demands Senator Mark Kelly resign 
10:29 PM - Claims neither Biden nor Harris were in charge of the Biden admin
10:29 PM - Attacks Fulton County, GA again 
10:29 PM - Posts Fox News clip of Rep Ro Khanna 
10:30 PM - Demands Jack Smith be arrested 
10:30 PM - Accuses Obama, Clinton, and Comey of treason
10:39 PM - Reposts a tweet from a MAGA account saying they have secret intel proving Clinton and Obama committed crimes
10:39 PM - Reposts a MAGA tweet saying Hillary Clinton should be sent to Haiti
10:40 PM - Says the DOJ is “working hard” to arrest his enemies for treason
10:40 PM - Reposts a tweet attacking his own DOJ and Todd Blanche for no arrests of political enemies
10:40 PM - Posts a TikTok video of people stealing from a convenience store 
10:41 PM - Posts a TikTok of someone taking a Door Dash order
10:41 PM - accuses Obama, John Brennan, and Clinton of sedition and treason again
10:42 PM - Posts a video of a man on CCTV footage knocking over food a waiter was carrying 
10:47 PM - Calls Obama the “most DEMONIC FORCE” in American politics 
10:47 PM - Posts a tweet from Mike Flynn saying 2020 election wasn’t fair 
10:49 PM - Attacks Dominion again claiming they stole the 2020 election (it wasn’t)
10:51 PM - Reposts a fake Charlie Kirk account that claimed Obama blocked Hillary Clinton from being prosecuted
10:53 PM - Claims Obama was part of Hillary Clinton’s emails in some way 
11:28 PM - Claims a senior Democrat just testified under oath that Senator Adam Schiff leaked classified information 
1:13 AM - Attacks the New York Times for reporting on the reflecting pool

This man is clearly not well.
5:21 AM · May 12, 2026
·
3.8M
 Views


DD Geopolitics, [13.05.2026 08:16]
🇺🇸🇨🇳Trump arrived in Beijing

Tomorrow he and Xi Jinping will hold talks. Trump last visited China in November 2017.

🔴 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising

DD Geopolitics, [13.05.2026 07:29]
🇺🇦Ukrainian media report at least 120 Gerans in the sky over Ukraine 

Explosions are reported in Chernovtsy, the Zhmerynka district of the Vinnitsa region, Kostopol (Rovno region), as well as in Lutsk and Kovel.

🔴 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising

DD Geopolitics, [13.05.2026 07:25]
🇷🇺 The Russian State Duma has passed a law granting the right to involve the Armed Forces to protect Russians arrested by foreign courts without Russia's involvement.

🔴 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising

DD Geopolitics, [13.05.2026 07:24]
🇺🇦💬 Zelensky at the B9 Summit:

‘Let's use the next few weeks to decide how the "coalition of the willing", which includes many of you, will work, how it will function, and what security guarantees can actually be implemented with your participation - with the participation of all Europeans and the United States of America.’

🔴 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising

DD Geopolitics, [13.05.2026 06:47]
🇷🇺💬🇺🇦 Zelensky must order the Armed Forces of Ukraine to leave Donbass and the regions of Russia so that a corridor for peace negotiations can be opened - Peskov.

🔴 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising

DD Geopolitics, [13.05.2026 06:08]
🇺🇦🇷🇴 While Ukraine is getting pounded, the Zelenskys are in Romania for the Bucharest Nine Summit

🔴 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising

DD Geopolitics, [13.05.2026 05:40]
🇺🇦 Ukraine right now

Explosions and power outages reported in the Ivano-Frankovsk region

🔴 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising

DD Geopolitics, [13.05.2026 03:54]
🇺🇦The number of drones in the sky over Ukraine has increased to one hundred — Ukrainian channels 

Explosions reported in Cherkassy region 

🔴 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising

DD Geopolitics, [13.05.2026 02:37]
🇷🇺⚔️🇺🇦An attack by a Ukrainian drone on the Astrakhan gas processing plant was repelled, and the debris caused a fire, wrote Governor Igor Babushkin.

According to the Emergencies Ministry, the fire will be extinguished within a few hours. There is no threat of air pollution in the Astrakhan region.

There were no victims or injured among the plant's employees.

🔴 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising

DD Geopolitics, [13.05.2026 02:33]
🇷🇺💬'The banning of Russian oil, these are neocolonial methods' — Russian FM Lavrov

🔴 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising

DD Geopolitics, [13.05.2026 02:32]
🇷🇺💬🇺🇸 The Trump administration continues Biden's policy towards Russia - Lavrov

According to the head of the Russian Foreign Ministry, the only difference is that under Trump, there is a dialogue with Moscow

Other statements by the head of the Russian Foreign Ministry on relations with the USA:

➡️The world is returning to times when everything was decided by force and without respect for international law;

➡️No joint projects between Russia and the USA are being implemented;

➡️ Ukraine provocatively attacks residential quarters without any military targets in Russia;

➡️ The US is trying to remove the Russian "Lukoil" and "Rosneft" from all international business with sanctions;

➡️The US does not hide that it wants to take control of gas transit from Russia through Ukraine;

➡️The Trump administration is trying to "punish" Russia economically on its own, not as part of Biden's legacy;

➡️ The Americans want to buy out the Europeans' share in the "Nord Streams" cheaply and restore the gas pipelines;

➡️ The US is trying to establish control over the oil sector cooperation that Venezuela previously conducted with "Rosneft".

🔴 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising

DD Geopolitics, [13.05.2026 02:28]
🇺🇦💰One day of war costs Ukraine 450 million dollars, according to Foreign Minister Sibiga 

🔴 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising

DD Geopolitics, [13.05.2026 01:08]
🐻 Here are the key things you need to know about from the past 24 hours:

➡️If you are confused about the whole investigation into Zelensky's pimp Yermak - here's a summary for you. Also - NABU says their investigation is not over 

➡️Ursula declares war on social media

➡️Pete Hegseth announces they have all kinds of plans when it comes to Iran

➡️Russia has successfully conducted a test launch of the heavy intercontinental ballistic missile "Sarmat", and here's what Putin had to say about that 

➡️Tulsi Gabbard has announced her office is reviewing more than 120 overseas biological laboratories that received US taxpayer funding

🔴 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising


RT News, [13.05.2026 08:17]
Trump and his team proceed to the car as they are warmly welcomed at the airport in Beijing

Who do you see?

RT News, [13.05.2026 08:14]
Red carpet rolled out for President Trump in Beijing

RT News, [13.05.2026 08:10]
Trump is in Beijing

Meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping expected

RT News, [13.05.2026 07:54]
⚡TRUMP'S PLANE LANDS IN CHINA

RT News, [13.05.2026 07:45]
Ex-Zelensky chief of staff Yermak gave a fortune teller names of Ukraine's anti-corruption agency heads so she could cast spells on them — court

Yermak also consulted her on personnel decisions

He is now on trial for corruption

RT News, [13.05.2026 07:41]
To achieve a ceasefire 'Zelensky should withdraw its troops from Donbass, from the territory of Russian regions' — Kremlin spox

RT News, [13.05.2026 07:37]
Ram-raid thieves storm a Bradford jewellery store in UK, take nothing

As security sirens blare, two women (one holding a BABY) run out of the store

Video: CrimeLdn

RT News, [13.05.2026 07:32]
Ronaldo’s Al-Nassr title-race clash with rivals Al Hilal descends into absolute chaos in the stands

Sticks, bottles and all kinds of objects go flying as a mass brawl erupts 

And one man in the VIP section taunting fans steals the spotlight

RT News, [13.05.2026 07:20]
Russia-US agenda 'could include many mutually beneficial projects' — Kremlin spox Peskov

We hope that they will be implemented as soon, as Ukrainian conflict is over or US delinks economic cooperation from the issue of Ukraine

RT News, [13.05.2026 07:12]
Divers probe Russian River near infamous top‑secret Bohemian Grove

A scuba team searches California's Russian River just outside the elite retreat, employing metal detectors and submersible drones — even finding BONES on the shoreline

Let's just hope they're animal bones

Video: depthsofhistory on YT

RT News, [13.05.2026 07:05]
One day of war for Ukraine 'costs approximately $450M' — Ukrainian FM Sybiga

'We pay the highest price'

How much of these $450M goes in the pocket of Zelensky?

RT News, [13.05.2026 07:01]
‘Increased production of clean British energy will help to ensure that enemies of the UK cannot attack the economic security of the British people’ — King Charles

RT News, [13.05.2026 06:56]
UK government will remain unbreakably committed to NATO ‘including through a sustained increase in defence spending’ — King Charles

RT News, [13.05.2026 06:53]
UK government will continue to support Ukraine, pursuing 'national interests' — King Charles

'My ministers will seek to improve relations with European partners'

RT News, [13.05.2026 06:48]
UK government will tackle antisemitism — King Charles

RT News, [13.05.2026 06:45]
An increasingly dangerous and volatile world threatens the UK — King Charles

‘Every element of the nation's energy, defence and economic security will be tested’

RT News, [13.05.2026 06:41]
❗️ First ever NATO-Serbia military exercise starts today

It involves 600 troops from Serbian, Italian, Romanian and Turkish Armed Forces

RT News, [13.05.2026 06:35]
JP Morgan boss scraps London HQ plans if Labour moves left

Jamie Dimon threatens to pull £3b(~$4b) Canary Wharf tower, place for 12,000 staff, if new government becomes ‘hostile to banks’ with higher bank taxes

As long as Starmer leads Labour, he's got nothing to fear

RT News, [13.05.2026 06:26]
King Charles and Queen Camilla arrive in Parliament ahead of the King's Speech

RT News, [13.05.2026 06:21]
A 16-year-old Palestinian teen killed by Israeli forces north of Ramallah — Wafa news agency 

Image: archive photo of an Israeli soldier patrolling Ramallah

RT News, [13.05.2026 06:18]
NO REAL defense from Russia’s Sarmat ICBM — it can strike from multiple directions, including over the South Pole

‘It’s described as a strategic deterrent meant to STOP Western escalation’ — Michael Maloof, a former senior security policy analyst 

WATCH HERE

RT News, [13.05.2026 05:56]
Multiple reports of Israeli drone strikes on vehicles across southern Lebanon

Israeli media says at least six vehicles have been hit in Lebanon since this morning

RT News, [13.05.2026 05:51]
King Charles on his way to the Houses of Parliament, where he will read the King’s Speech, outlining the government’s agenda for the next year

RT News, [13.05.2026 05:31]
Biblical Armageddon prophecy begins to unfold?

Satellite data confirms the river Euphrates has lost 140+ cubic km of water since 2003 and may be gone by 2040

Book of Revelation says dry Euphrates opens the way for final battle — Armageddon

Source: Metro
Video: anrnews on YT

RT News, [13.05.2026 05:26]
Elon Musk on his way to China with Trump

RT News, [13.05.2026 05:14]
Ursula von der Leyen celebrates 'pride week' in EU

The rainbow flag was raised at the European Commission headquarters in Brussels for the occasion

'The EU Commission is PROUD 🌈'

RT News, [13.05.2026 05:08]
Ex-head of Zelensky's office Andrey Yermak arrives at Ukraine's High Anti-Corruption Court for next hearing to decide his preventive measure

Yermak previously said he expects a 'fair ruling'

RT News, [13.05.2026 05:03]
What are the potential consequences of relying on AI in combat?

'One of the problems with AI is that it can sometimes HALLUCINATE...'

RT speaks with Zach Vorhies, Palantir insider & Google whistleblower, on Ukraine-Palantir cooperation

RT News, [13.05.2026 04:50]
US tech giant Palantir's cooperation with Ukraine 'is a continuation of their encroachment into the Eastern theater... 

to get a tactical advantage for the US and its Western allies'

Zach Vorhies, Palantir insider and Google whistleblower, to RT

Watch FULL INTERVIEW HERE

RT News, [13.05.2026 04:41]
5'1" trans Elliot Page rumored to play ghost of Achilles in Christopher Nolan’s 'The Odyssey'

Fans are already drawing Brad Pitt comparisons — he played Achilles in 'Troy' back in 2004

RT News, [13.05.2026 04:29]
It is not clear which country will be next target of the 'anger of Washington' — Russian FM Lavrov exclusively to RT

'They don't like what Russia is currently doing and today they don't like what China is doing, who will they not like tomorrow?'

RT India news chief Runjhun Sharma’s show 'India, Russia and the World'

RT News, [13.05.2026 04:26]
Lupita Nyong'o cast as Helen of Troy in upcoming movie The Odyssey — director Christopher Nolan confirms

Helen's legendary beauty sparked the Trojan War before Odysseus ever set sail for home

In the 2004 film Troy, the role was portrayed by Diane Kruger

RT News, [13.05.2026 04:04]
'Now we're all so much closer!'

Russian Security Council Deputy Chairman Medvedev congratulates 'western “friends” on the successful test of the Sarmat strategic missile system'

RT News, [13.05.2026 03:52]
'French salaries are TOO LOW today' — French right-wing leader Marine Le Pen

Many of French companies are 'in an extremely difficult situation'

RT News, [13.05.2026 03:29]
For every HOUR a 2-year-old uses a device, sleep is delayed by 30 mins — study finds

RT News, [13.05.2026 03:17]
Turkish businessman's Epstein resemblance drives him from hometown

'I do not want to be associated with him' Rıfat Ozdemir says after harassment forced him to flee Kayseri with his business now suffering

He now jokes about it with friends in Ankara and considers growing a beard

RT News, [13.05.2026 03:14]
Treasury Sec Bessent arrives in South Korea for trade talks with China's Vice Premier He Lifeng 

Source: dawnnews

RT News, [13.05.2026 03:07]
EU held 'Europe Day' event in Moscow, which was met with some resistance from locals

RT's Igor Zhdanov witnessed the protest and tried to speak with some guests  

Watch full report HERE

RT News, [13.05.2026 03:02]
'In the modern world, words mean little, my American colleagues prove that' – Russian FM Lavrov

'One goal of aggression against Iran was to prevent normalization of relations between Iran & Arabs'

India, Russia & the World exclusive interview

RT News, [13.05.2026 02:29]
'The BANNING of Russian oil, these are NEOCOLONIAL methods' — Russian FM Lavrov

'Methods to exploit others, not everyone caves in to such pressure'

A sneak peek at India, Russia & the World exclusive interview

RT News, [13.05.2026 02:25]
Total capitalization of US CEOs travelling to China makes around $11.5T

That is more than a half of China's year nominal GDP in 2025

RT News, [13.05.2026 01:56]
PALANTIR'S Alex Karp & Ukraine's Defense Minister Fedorov discuss AI in Defense strategy — UA MoD

RT News, [13.05.2026 01:25]
MTG: 'Most Congressmen not willing to FACE TRUTH on Covid vax

Most of them are vaccinated'

RT News, [13.05.2026 01:19]
'VIRUS FUNDED by US gain-of-function experiments in Wuhan' — Rand Paul to host CIA whistleblower at hearing

RT News, [13.05.2026 00:33]
'Wannabe king' Reza Pahlavi HUMILIATED on stage as Iranian-American activist calls him out for 'inviting' US-Israeli BOMBS on the 'people & homeland' of IRAN

'SHAME ON YOU!! SHAME ON YOU!!'

RT News, [13.05.2026 01:03]
Nvidia CEO initially LEFT OFF official guest list — received LAST-MINUTE invite from Trump during Alaska refueling stop

Source: Politico

Geopolitics Prime, [13.05.2026 08:19]
🇵🇰🚀 Pakistan’s supersonic Fatah-3 missile shifts conventional deterrence balance in South Asia

🔊 Pakistan’s Army Rocket Force Command has publicly displayed the Fatah-3, a supersonic cruise missile developed with Chinese assistance that is capable of reaching Mach 2.5–4 and carrying 240-400-kg warheads over a distance of 290–450 km, Asia Times reports.

♦️ It is Pakistan’s first acknowledged operational supersonic cruise missile and could shift the conventional deterrence balance in South Asia.

♦️ The missile’s low-altitude, terrain-hugging flight compresses interception timelines, complicating radar tracking and defensive responses. Its deployment reflects a doctrinal shift toward distributed, survivable precision strikes and deepens China–Pakistan missile cooperation.

♦️ The Fatah-3 could potentially position Pakistan as a broker for Chinese missile systems in the Middle East, including Saudi Arabia, under evolving regional pre-conventional doctrines.

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Geopolitics Prime, [13.05.2026 07:32]
🇺🇸🙅 Even US senators admit Iran can keep Hormuz Strait closed for years

💬 “Ultimately it will be a political decision made by Iran,” says Democrat Connecticut Senator Chris Murphy. “It will be economic pressure that will create a political imperative inside Tehran to open the strait.”

🗣 “You are overestimating Iran’s willingness to cave based on economic pressure,” he tells Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth.

Murphy points to estimates by the Department of War that indicate that Iran could hold out for years, stressing that the current plan is “a high-risk strategy.”

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Geopolitics Prime, [13.05.2026 06:51]
🤥 Trump’s Golden Dome missile shield could cost $1.2 trillion – and still fail

A new non-partisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO) estimate reveals that the US president’s Golden Dome missile defense system would cost six times more than previously forecast, up to US$1.2 trillion over 20 years, while still likely failing to stop an all-out attack.

Numbers:

🔶  $720 billion just for space-based interceptors (7,800 satellites)

🔶  Plus ground sites, Aegis systems, THAAD, Patriot

🔶  Covers 48 states + Alaska and Hawaii

However, even after spending all that, the CBO says "the system could be overwhelmed by a full-scale attack mounted by a peer or near-peer adversary."

Senator Jeff Merkley called it a “massive giveaway to defense contractors paid for by working Americans.”

While the technology doesn't exist yet, Congress already approved $25 billion for the system last year, and the Pentagon is requesting $17 billion more for the next fiscal year.

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Geopolitics Prime, [13.05.2026 06:09]
📹 ‘Big money’ & Congress in chaos– Lego toon takes aim at military spending frenzy

💬 “Big money talk now … 1.5 trillion, oh, the number too loud,” the Lego-style music video chants. “Everybody arguing where the money gets spent.”

The video highlights Congress being deadlocked on any proposition: “Half say yea, other half say nay.”

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Geopolitics Prime, [13.05.2026 05:28]
🇮🇱🪖 📉 Israel has too few troops to battle Iran head-on, ex-MI6 officer cautions

💬 “To fight this multi-front war, this permanent war, security war, as it’s framed, we would need six or seven IDFs replicated,” former MI6 officer Alastair Crooke says, adding that in reality Israel doesn’t “have that.”

🗣 “The IDF is imploding. It’s crashing,” he contends.

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Geopolitics Prime, [13.05.2026 04:47]
🇮🇱💣🇮🇷  Iran dismantles Israeli weapons smuggling network

The IRGC’s intelligence unit eliminated 20 operatives transporting weapons and ammo into Iran’s territory on behalf of the Israelis.

During the operation, Iran seized:

➡️ 20 firearms

➡️ 50 kg (110 lbs) of explosives

➡️ 2,000 rounds of ammunition

This again shows that Israel’s aim is to further destabilize the region, a goal shared by Trump.

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Geopolitics Prime, [13.05.2026 04:06]
🇵🇰🤝❌ Warmonger Graham: 'I don't trust Pakistan as far as I can throw them'

Lindsey Graham grilled General Dan Caine and Secretary Pete Hegseth over reports that Pakistan is allegedly allowing Iranian aircraft to park at its military bases.

The same senator who spent decades pushing for wars is now upset that Pakistan might not be an honest mediator.

💬 “I don't trust Pakistan as far as I can throw them. No wonder this damn thing is going nowhere,” he said during a Senate hearing.

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Geopolitics Prime, [13.05.2026 03:25]
☠️ Coincidence or intention? What US biolabs in Ukraine have to do with hantavirus

The US plans to inspect dozens of its bio-laboratories across the globe, claiming they may be working on projects that threaten the entire world. 

Washington is now admitting allegations raised by Russia in 2022 over Ukraine. They said:

🔶  Since 2005, the US has spent more than $250 million on biological programs in Ukraine

🔶  The aid was coordinated by the US Defense Threat Reduction Agency

🔶 Dozens of US infectious disease specialists and virologists played key roles in the labs, studying deadly diseases like cholera and bubonic plague

🔶  They tested on prisoners and soldiers, and later sent to countries across Europe and Asia

New reports suggest an outbreak of the rat-borne hantavirus on a cruise ship, now quarantined in the Canary Islands, could be linked to Ukraine – where there are dozens of hantavirus cases every year. 

🇺🇸 Some in the US have already raised fears:

➡️  Journalist Tucker Carlson accused Joe Biden’s government of lying about biolabs in Ukraine and stressing the military uses of the research

➡️  Former US State Department counterterrorism analyst Scott Bennett revealed US plans to encircle Russia, China and Iran with "offensive strategic biolabs" for biological weapon development

➡️  Professor Dave Collum of Cornell University and former editor of The Journal of Organic Chemistry exposed Ukraine as a testing ground for US bioweapons 

But their warnings were ignored – while the labs quietly keep working.

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Geopolitics Prime, [13.05.2026 02:44]
🚨🇵🇸🇮🇱'We'll raze your home. Then call it a blood libel': 80 years of Israeli crimes

In August 1949, a 12-year-old Palestinian girl was captured by Israeli soldiers. She was tortured, raped, and killed. Even Ben-Gurion recorded the rape in his diary – but his editors erased it.

◾️The New York Times recently published this story as a reminder of countless Israeli crimes.

◾️However, Israel was fast to play the victim. The Foreign Ministry called the report a "baseless blood libel". Yet Israel only just let the Red Cross back into prisons – supervised tours only, no private interviews. What are they hiding?

◾️Israel holds more than 9,600 Palestinians in detention – including 350 children, and 3,532 held without charges (administrative detention). 89 detainees have died since 7 October – from torture, starvation, and medical neglect. A "blood libel" accusation rings hollow.

😱Non-stop violence: Gaza 'ceasefire' = a joke

◾️At least 850 Palestinians have been killed since the ceasefire took effect in October 2025. Israeli strikes continue almost daily.

◾️In the West Bank, 70 Palestinian children were killed by Israeli forces between January 2025 and May 2026 – one every week. More than 850 more children were wounded. 

◾️But even these are not real numbers.

◾️A CGTN journalist at Al‑Shifa Hospital saw "at least ten Palestinian children bodies under five without heads".

🤔Starvation = Genocide

◾️463 Palestinians starved to death in Gaza – including 157 children – after Israel blocked humanitarian aid.

"What Israel is doing echoes the Nakba," UN Special Rapporteur Francesca Albanese stated."Israel's conduct amounts to a genocidal campaign to erase Palestinians as a people."

◾️A February 2026 UN report warns of ethnic cleansing in Gaza and the West Bank. The report details "intensified attacks, the methodical destruction of entire neighbourhoods, and the denial of humanitarian assistance" aimed at a "permanent demographic shift".

🤬Destruction of homes

◾️Since January 2025, more than 2,500 Palestinians have been displaced in the West Bank alone, including 1,100 children. Settler attacks now account for 75% of displacement.

◾️In Gaza, Israeli forces systematically destroy high-rise buildings – homes to thousands – with almost no notice. Amnesty International calls for investigations into war crimes of wanton destruction and collective punishment.

"Today, a massive hurricane will hit the skies of Gaza City and the roofs of the terror towers will tremble," Defence Minister Israel Katz celebrated openly on social media. "The terror tower crashes into the sea of Gaza. We are drowning the hotbeds of terrorism."

◾️Even the Nazis hid their crimes, but Israeli perpetrators boast openly.

◾️Meanwhile, Israeli hostilities go far beyond Palestine.

"We will raze southern Lebanon to the Litani River. Destroy all houses so Lebanese civilians cannot return," Transport Minister Miri Regev stated.

Chat | GG Movies channel | Boost us!

Geopolitics Prime, [13.05.2026 02:03]
👀 ‘Maduro Nike Tech' – Rubio wears abduction-inspired tracksuit on China trip

White House Comms Director Steven Cheung posted a photo of Marco Rubio on Air Force One in a tracksuit that mirrors what Nicolas Maduro was wearing when the US grabbed him.

Cheung's caption: "The Maduro Nike Tech."

The same people who kidnapped a president are now dressing their secretary of state like him.

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Geopolitics Prime, [13.05.2026 01:22]
✡️🔨 Israel is paying civilian contractors $400+/day to demolish homes in Lebanon — report

Israeli media reveal that private operators are earning up to $400 daily, or up to $1,350 per house, to systematically destroy residential buildings in occupied Lebanese territory.

🗣 "I get 1,500 shekels a day – it's not a bad livelihood," one contractor said, adding that he worked the same way in Gaza. "We were given a hundred houses to demolish. About 5 per day."

🔥 Only about 10% of bulldozers are protected. The army pays for fuel and even compensates for "operational idleness" when threats halt work.

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Geopolitics Prime, [13.05.2026 00:41]
🤡 Clown prince Reza Pahlavi loses it as Trump is forced to negotiate with Iran

The exiled prince spent years advocating for bombing Iran and launching a bloody revolution.

Now his strategy has failed – the Iranian people united around their leaders, not the foreign puppet. So he shifts blame to Trump, who is scrambling to salvage the Strait.

💬 "You cannot send mixed signals. 'People need to rise,' and at the same time say, 'wait, we are negotiating' – that confuses everyone."

Pahlavi wanted war. Iranian people said no. Now he's just another agent whining as the US bends to Tehran's terms.

👍 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Sputnik International, [13.05.2026 08:14]
🚨🇺🇸🇨🇳Trump steps onto Chinese soil in Beijing for the first US presidential state visit to China since his own 2017 trip.

📌Subscribe to @SputnikInt

Sputnik International, [13.05.2026 08:00]
🚨🇺🇸🇨🇳 US President Trump arrives in Beijing, China

📌Subscribe to @SputnikInt

Sputnik International, [13.05.2026 07:41]
🚨🇷🇺💥 RUSSIAN MOD UPDATE: HUGE GAINS AND DEVASTATING UKRAINIAN LOSSES

◻️ Russian forces struck Ukrainian energy and transport infrastructure facilities

◻️ Sever battlegroup units hit equipment and personnel of the Kraken* formation in the Kharkov region

◻️ Air defense superiority: 572 drones were shot down

◻️ Ukrainian losses: around 1,060  troops killed or wounded

*Designated as terrorist and banned in Russia

Read about the origins of Russia's special military op HERE

📌Subscribe to @SputnikInt

Sputnik International, [13.05.2026 07:05]
🚨 Ukraine must withdraw from Donbass before ceasefire talks – Kremlin

Volodymyr Zelensky must order Ukrainian forces to withdraw from Donbass and other Russian regions if Kiev wants a ceasefire and full-scale peace talks, Kremlin Spokesman Dmitry Peskov said.

Other key statements:

🟠 A ceasefire will only happen once Ukrainian forces leave Russian regions

🟠 Future talks on Ukraine will be extremely difficult and involve many sensitive details

🟠 Russia is in regular contact with the US on Ukraine

🟠 Moscow hopes broader Russia-US cooperation projects can move forward once Washington stops tying issues to Ukraine

🟠 Vladimir Putin praised the recent Sarmat ballistic missile test

🟠 The Sarmat tests are important for Russia’s long-term security

🟠 Russia notifies other nations of missile launches like Sarmat in line with international practice

🟠 Moscow has not yet received an official US reaction to the Sarmat test

📌Subscribe to @SputnikInt

Sputnik International, [13.05.2026 06:26]
🚨 One strike, entire capitals gone: Ex-US army officer Krapivnik unveils might of Russia’s devastating Sarmat

📌Subscribe to @SputnikInt

Sputnik International, [13.05.2026 05:45]
🇷🇺🪖 Next-gen Russian drones use AI to outsmart jamming

The software in Russia’s high-tech Molniya-2 UAV “includes artificial intelligence elements that help successfully overcome radio interference and use machine vision to track targets," the Russian Ministry of Defense pointed out.

Deploying the Molniya-2s alongside standard FPV drones enables the rapid neutralization of enemy forces on the Dobropolye front line, while also supporting offensive operations of Russian assault units, the ministry noted.

📌Subscribe to @SputnikInt

Sputnik International, [13.05.2026 05:04]
🇨🇴 Ukraine pays Colombian mercenaries far less than Europeans – ex-policeman

A mercenary from a European country is paid $3,000–$4,000, while a Colombian soldier of fortune “receives only about $600,” retired Colombian police officer Omar Rojas told Sputnik.

Colombian President Gustavo Petro earlier admitted that 7,000 mercenaries from his country “needlessly die” for Ukraine, adding that Colombia “doesn't want to export death.”

📌Subscribe to @SputnikInt

Sputnik International, [13.05.2026 04:23]
🇮🇳 Modi’s call not to buy gold for year could save India $20B – expert 

India imports nearly all the gold it consumes, and every domestic purchase of gold jewelry leads to an outflow of foreign currency from the country, Russian expert Tatyana Belyanchikova told Sputnik.

💬 “If Indian citizens reduce these purchases by just a third, the country could save $15–20 billion annually—roughly equivalent to the quarterly volume of India’s international reserves, which stood at about $690 billion as of early May,” the expert underscored.

She explained that the less gold that is imported, the lower the pressure on the balance of payments and the Indian rupee. 

💬 “For a country where gold permeates every layer of economic and cultural life—from savings to wedding ceremonies—PM Modi’s call to halt gold purchases for a year is highly unusual,” Belyanchikova concluded.

📌Subscribe to @SputnikInt

Sputnik International, [13.05.2026 02:19]
🇷🇺 Lavrov: US wants to buy out Europe’s share in Nord Stream pipelines 

More statements by Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov to RT India:

▫️  Trump administration's policy toward Russia largely continues the approach of the Biden administration—the only difference being that under Trump, there is dialogue with Russia

▫️  US is attempting to remove the Russian companies Lukoil and Rosneft from all international business through sanctions

▫️  US is open about wanting to take control of Russian gas transit through Ukraine

▫️  Trump administration is now trying to economically "punish" Russia on its own, not merely as a continuation of Biden's legacy

▫️  US wants to cheaply buy out the European share of the Nord Stream pipelines and restore them

▫️  US is trying to establish control over oil sector cooperation that Venezuela previously had with Rosneft

👉 For more details on the Nord Stream terrorist attacks, read HERE

📌Subscribe to @SputnikInt

Sputnik International, [13.05.2026 02:03]
🔸 One Sarmat is enough to destroy an aggressor nation — analyst 

🔸 Iran sets 5 preconditions for next round of US talks 

🔸 Golden Dome price tag soars to $1.2T – CBO 

🔸 Trump's Russia visit not on agenda – Kremlin 

🔸 US intelligence admits Iran still has 90% of underground missile sites – Report 

📌Subscribe to @SputnikInt

Sputnik International, [13.05.2026 01:22]
🪖 Ukrainian soldiers spotted in Iraqi camo

💬 “There is a significant shortage of military uniforms in the Ukrainian Army, which is why Iraqi Army camouflage has appeared in Ukrainian units on the Sumy front line,” a source in Russia’s security forces told Sputnik. 

These Iraqi uniforms were purchased by Ukrainian non-governmental organizations in the United States, the source pointed out.

📌Subscribe to @SputnikInt

Sputnik International, [13.05.2026 00:41]
🇷🇺💪 Forged in flight: Evolution of Russian fighter jets

The history of Russian fighters is a story of relentless pursuit of perfection, bold engineering, and the ability to overcome any enemy. Every such aircraft marks a significant step forward: 

◻️ I-4 (1927): First Soviet all-metal aircraft, built from “winged metal”—duralumin

◻️ I-14 (1936): One of the world’s first mass-produced fighters with retractable landing gear

◻️ Su-7 (1944): Early experimental fighter featuring a rocket booster

◻️ Su-15 (1949): Experimental jet with swept wings

◻️ Su-17 (1949): Experimental supersonic jet with swept wings

◻️ Su-9 (1960): Supersonic interceptor with delta wings, reaching speeds of Mach 2 (~2,500 km/h)

◻️ Su-15 (1962): USSR’s first high-altitude interceptor armed with long-range air-to-air missiles

◻️ Su-27 (1990): 4th-generation icon with unique design and exceptional flight performance, setting the standard for all subsequent Su fighters

◻️ Su-35S (2017): 4++ generation deep upgrade of the Su 27, featuring thrust-vectoring engines, advanced avionics, and phased-array radar

◻️ Su-57 (2020): Most advanced 5th-generation fighter, combining stealth technology, supersonic cruise speed, highly integrated avionics, and network-centric warfare capabilities

📌Subscribe to @SputnikInt

Sputnik International, [12.05.2026 23:59]
🗣 One Sarmat is enough to destroy an aggressor nation — analyst

The new heavy ICBM can strike via both the North and South Poles, National Defense magazine editor-in-chief Igor Korotchenko told Sputnik.

"Just one Sarmat missile, with 10+ individually guided warheads, could destroy an aggressor country like France or the UK if it threatens our security," he stressed.

📌Subscribe to @SputnikInt

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [13.05.2026 04:11]
🇮🇱🇱🇧🇺🇦⚡️ — The growing threat of Hezbollah's fiber-optic FPV drones — difficult to jam and hard to detect — is pushing Israel to consider cooperation with Ukraine, where battlefield experience with these weapons runs deep, according to an analysis by the Jerusalem Post.

➡️ Hezbollah has shifted to relatively small quadcopter-type drones attached to fiber-optic cables, a threat that recently killed an IDF reservist near the Lebanese border.

➡️ The drones are cheap, attritable, and widely used on Ukraine's front lines, where both sides have innovated extensively; the analysis argues this presents an opportunity for Israel, Ukraine, the U.S., and other allies to collaborate on counter-drone solutions, especially as Gulf states have already begun reaching out to Kyiv.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [13.05.2026 05:30]
🇺🇸🇨🇳⚡- China had to change the transliteration of Secretary of State Marco Rubio's name just so he can gain entry into the country, as China had imposed sanctions on Rubio twice several years ago.

China began using the character "lu" to represent the start of Rubio's surname in an effort to bypass their own sanctions.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [13.05.2026 05:44]
🇷🇺🇯🇵🇰🇷⚡- 10 Russian ships transits Japan's Tsushima Strait and enter the East China Sea, en route towards the Yellow Sea.

The fleet, which comes as US President Trump is on his way to Beijing, consists of two corvettes, a fleet oiler, a tugboat, and six cargo vessels. All six cargo vessels are under US, UK, and EU sanctions.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [13.05.2026 08:10]
🇵🇭⚡️- Shots fired in the Philippines' Senate in Manila as a raid is being carried out to arrest Senator Della Rosa, an ICC fugitive.

Rerum Novarum // Intel, Breaking News, and Alerts 🇺🇸, [13.05.2026 00:56]
🇺🇸🐊⚡️- Florida intends to close Alligator Alcatraz, with detainees being moved by June, and the facility will be destroyed in the following weeks.

Alsaa Plus EN | Iran War Updates, [13.05.2026 06:02]
🇮🇱🇦🇪 - The Wall Street Journal: Mossad chief David Barnea visited the UAE at least twice during the war to coordinate the ‘campaign’ against Iran.

@Alsaa_plus_EN

Alsaa Plus EN | Iran War Updates, [13.05.2026 04:25]
🛢 International Energy Agency: The world is burning through its oil reserves at a record pace amid the ‘Middle East’ war.

@Alsaa_plus_EN

Alsaa Plus EN | Iran War Updates, [13.05.2026 04:10]
🇮🇱❌🇱🇧 Channel 15 (Hebrew):

Under the heading ‘Authorised for publication’:

Yesterday, Hezbollah launched a large-scale swarm of drones towards a target in ‘northern Israel’.

A security source said: ‘This is the most intense drone attack against Israel to date.’

 Yesterday, during the afternoon, two waves of drone swarms were launched towards the northern border. In the first wave, two drones were launched towards Israeli army forces in southern Lebanon, resulting in two soldiers being injured (one moderately and the other lightly). Two additional drones were launched towards a target on the northern border, causing a fire to break out. The Air Force attempted to intercept several of them.

Less than an hour later, another, more intense wave arrived: several drones were launched towards the same target within ‘Israeli territory’, and they continued to circle it for several long minutes, searching for the perfect point of impact.

One of the fighters said:
“ I saw two hit the target, and within five seconds we spotted another one flying between the buildings, searching for people. You see everything with your own eyes: the fibre-optic cable, the drone, and a huge missile.”

This is the first time a coordinated attack on a single target within Israeli territory has been observed, and it is the largest to date. According to a security source familiar with the details of the incident, the main concern is the coordination between a large number of drones. Even if you manage to shoot down two or three, there are still others trying to track you down.

@Alsaa_plus_EN

Alsaa Plus EN | Iran War Updates, [12.05.2026 22:16]
🇳🇴: 🇮🇷 | Visit of Norway’s Deputy Foreign Minister to Iran

Andreas Motzfeldt Kravik, Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Norway, who traveled to Tehran heading a diplomatic delegation for consultations with Iranian officials, met on Tuesday evening with Iran’s Foreign Minister Seyed Abbas Araghchi.

During the meeting, the two sides discussed Iran–Norway bilateral relations, the imposed war by America and the Israeli regime against Iran, its security and economic consequences, and the latest developments in the Islamabad talks process.

Iran’s Foreign Minister described the American side’s maximalist approach, threatening rhetoric, and lack of goodwill and honesty as the main obstacles to ending the war and reaching any potential agreement.

Araghchi also emphasized that the primary cause of the current situation in the Strait of Hormuz is the military aggression by America and the Israeli regime against Iran, followed by repeated violations of the ceasefire and the continued blockade of Iran’s maritime ports.

He further noted that Iran is currently consulting and negotiating to develop operational arrangements aimed at strengthening and facilitating safe navigation in the Strait of Hormuz in accordance with international law. He added that Iran, as a coastal state of the Strait of Hormuz, is engaged in consultations to formulate relevant regulations in line with international legal frameworks.

The Norwegian Deputy Foreign Minister, presenting a report on his meetings with Iranian officials as well as discussions with representatives from Pakistan and Oman, stressed the need for sustainable peace and stability in the region and efforts to uphold international law. He also expressed Norway’s readiness to assist in strengthening diplomacy and supporting maritime safety and environmental protection.

In separate meetings, he also held discussions with Majid Takht-Ravanchi (Deputy Foreign Minister for Political Affairs), Kazem Gharibabadi (Deputy for Legal and International Affairs), and Saeed Khatibzadeh (Head of the Institute for Political and International Studies), focusing on issues of mutual regional and international interest as well as bilateral matters.

♦️@enemywatch

Rybar in English, [13.05.2026 07:27]
📝Intelligence Against Trump📝
Iran forecasts fail again

While Trump publicly reports on "destroyed" Iranian missiles, his own intelligence community is documenting a fundamentally different picture. Secret assessments from the intelligence community, obtained by the New York Times, show: after 11 weeks of US and Israeli airstrikes, Iran restored operational access to 30 of 33 missile positions along the Strait of Hormuz.

Missile stockpiles remained at approximately 70% of pre-war levels, mobile launch systems at 75%. Underground storage facilities recovered almost completely, some damaged missiles repaired, some reassembled from spare parts.

🖍This is far from the first discrepancy between the White House and the intelligence community. Back in February, before the war began, Reuters reported that Trump's claim about Iranian missiles "capable of reaching the US" was not backed by a single intelligence assessment.

🚩In March, at Senate hearings, CIA Director Ratcliffe and Director of National Intelligence Gabbard dodged a direct question about the "Iranian threat to the US" — the very threat the administration used to justify the war. And already in April, intelligence warned that the IRGC was using the ceasefire to reorganize its missile forces and would not weaken control over Hormuz, despite Trump's promises to the contrary.

📌The NYT publication appears at a telling moment: on the same day, May 12, Trump and Defense Secretary Hegseth publicly threatened to resume strikes, calling Iranian ceasefire conditions "garbage." Iran's demands do look harsh for the US: recognition of Iran's sovereignty over Hormuz, reparations, lifting all sanctions.

But the problem clearly extends beyond Iran's position. The war with Iran has already cost the Pentagon tens of billions of dollars, ammunition diverted from European and Asian theaters remains unreplenished, Congress demands emergency funding, and Hegseth names neither timelines nor amounts even in closed hearings.

❗️In this context, there is every reason to believe that this intelligence leak to the NYT is no accident. A certain part of the American establishment is trying to stop the escalation which, by their assessment, rests on false claims and populism. The question is whether their efforts will be enough to overcome the Israeli lobbyists surrounding the US president — that remains an open question.

High-resolution infographic
English version

#Israel #Iran #USA
✈ RU | ✈ EN | ✉ MAX
✉

Rybar in English, [13.05.2026 07:08]
📝Migration infighting📝
Central Asians versus South Asians

A mass brawl at the "Sinyavinsksya" poultry farm in Leningrad Region — another reminder that the migration problem has long gone beyond the framework of "migrants and local residents". Now conflicts occur between the migrant groups themselves.

According to preliminary data, the clash involved around 60 foreign specialists from Central and South Asia, of whom more than 20 sustained injuries. A domestic dispute sparked the conflict, which quickly escalated into a mass brawl.

🖍Amid attempts to diversify migration flows and bring in workers from South Asia or other regions of the world, contradictions within the migrant community intensify. The arrival of new groups of workers brought in through organized channels for specific tasks inevitably gets perceived as competition by the Central Asian diasporas long settled in Russia.

🚩Conflicts between various migrant groups will only escalate as labor niches get redistributed. Such incidents have occurred before, when migrants from Central Asia attacked North Korean and Chinese workers. Now the list of such clashes grows with new episodes.

❗️At the same time, migrants from South Asia objectively appear to pose far less risk to internal stability than a significant portion of those from the CIS. They are more often brought in through organized recruitment for a specific employer, they have weaker diaspora ties, and it is far more difficult for them to impose their own rules in a cultural environment foreign to them.

📌No matter how you look at it, any breach of order among foreign specialists must result not only in administrative measures but also in deportation of those involved, regardless of how they came to Russia. People who came to work and start brawls are definitely not needed in the country.
#migrants #Russia
✈ RU | ✈ EN | ✉ MAX 

✉ VK | ✉ RuTube | ✉ OK | ✉ Zen

💸

Rybar in English, [13.05.2026 06:32]
📝200 Transits Through the English Channel📝

From March 25 to May 11, 184 vessels of the Russian shadow fleet completed 238 transits through British waters — most through the English Channel, with at least 94 directly in the 12-nautical-mile territorial waters zone.

Meanwhile, British journalists found no public evidence that a single vessel was stopped or inspected. The Ministry of Defence, without elaborating, limited itself to a statement that it "disrupts plans and constrains" the fleet. A former Royal Navy commander called such behavior "pathetic."

📌Recall: back in April, when approximately 100 sanctioned vessels passed through British waters, it became clear that a single escort frigate — the Admiral Grigorovich, which convoyed the tankers Universal and Enigma through the English Channel — proved sufficient argument for the Royal Navy to prefer simply observing.

Now vessels transit without any military escort — and no one touches them either. The issue is no longer about the threat of escalation with Russia, but rather institutional paralysis: the British fleet is overextended and undermanned, there is no coast guard with real law enforcement authority, and Starmer's political will runs into legal and economic obstacles.

❗️However, as we have said before, this picture could change very quickly. Especially since the EU increasingly focuses precisely on pressuring the Russian shadow fleet.

Domestic pressure on Starmer is growing, parliamentary criticism intensifies — and sooner or later London may decide on a show of force to silence critics. This is precisely why the practice of convoying vessels must not only be maintained but systematically expanded, supplementing vessel protection tools with USVs and private security.

Moreover, periodic passages of warships escorting commercial vessels will serve as a good reminder of Russia's readiness to protect its economic interests by military means.
#UnitedKingdom #Russia #Fleet
✈ RU | ✈ EN | ✉ MAX

✉️ VK | ✉️ RuTube | ✉️ OK | ✉️ Zen

💸Support us Original msg

Rybar in English, [13.05.2026 06:17]
Fwd from @
And how do they install structures that didn't receive certificates? Where's the documentation? And where are the research studies from research institutes? And does this metal comply with environmental standards? What if a rare falcon crashes into these pipes? No, the Arabs don't think about their state. Chaos and disorder in their system.

Alexander Kharchenko Original msg

Rybar in English, [13.05.2026 05:39]
Fwd from @
📝Poles to teach Armenians📝
to love Pashinyan and the EU

Recently, Armenian-Polish dialogue has been actively developing: in Warsaw, Polish officials serve as a conduit for Armenian authorities into the world of EU bureaucracy, with a noticeable increase in military cooperation.

The deepening of partnership is also evidenced by the inclusion of Poles in Armenia's information policy. With funding from Poland's Foreign Ministry, starting March 30, under the wing of Polish broadcaster Telewizja Polska (TVP), an Armenian-language news service VT Hayastan News was launched.

The media is positioned as a tool for "increasing resilience" of the Armenian audience "to disinformation and external influence". The emphasis is on democratic values and European integration of Armenia.

🖍However, VT Hayastan News is part of TVP's well-known anti-Russian media infrastructure. The service broadcasts for 20 minutes a day on the "Belsat" channel*, created in 2007 for Belarusian audiences and playing a significant role in the 2020 protests in Belarus.

🔻TVP's expansion in the post-Soviet space and funding:
▪️Based on TVP operates the platform "Vot Tak" (VT)**, created in 2017 as part of "Belsat" for the opposition Russian audience. Since 2024, following reorganization at TVP, projects became independent editorial offices in the Center for Foreign Programs TVP World.

▪️In 2025, shortly before parliamentary elections in Moldova, a Russian-language news service "Vot Tak. Moldova" appeared. The service's materials promote themes of "Kremlin disinformation" and a loyal position toward pro-European president Maia Sandu.

▪️In 2025, within TVP, a Ukrainian-language channel "Slawa" was launched to support European integration of so-called Ukraine and "counter Russian propaganda". Broadcasting, as in other cases, occurs on the "Belsat" frequency, but the editorial office is autonomous.

▪️From April 2026, a Georgian-language project VT Sakartvelo News was launched — also to combat "Russian disinformation" and cover Georgian news from a "European perspective".

➡️In 2025, total funding for "Belsat," "Vot Tak," and "Slawa" amounted to 54 million zlotys, nearly 15 million dollars — the bulk of the budget is distributed from Poland's Foreign Ministry.

Rybar in English, [13.05.2026 04:41]
Fwd from @
📌 I absolutely agree with Rybar's team.

On our direction, for example, "Elki" are a rare sight. Especially closer to the front line. Many people have heard about them, but few have seen them. Yet it's quite an effective system. Perhaps they use them to cover important rear facilities, I don't know. But we really want them in greater numbers and closer to the front.

Next. Regarding observation posts, let me clarify one interesting thing "from the ground" so that the need to increase their number is clearly argued.

In fact, when you're driving down a road, one of the main ways to control the air situation, besides your eyes, is your ears. And not to hear a drone (that's impossible while moving), but to hear gunfire from observation posts. Seriously, most often the presence of an enemy drone along your route is determined exactly this way. You hear gunfire, dismount, spread out, take up firing positions, and by the sound of the gunfire getting closer or farther away, you understand where the drone or aircraft flew. This is a very convenient supplement to your eyes. Vital, even.

Accordingly, in practice the function of observation posts comes down not only to visual, but also to acoustic warning. There might be just two people at an OP, and they might not hit anything when they shoot, but they'll fulfill their task completely — they'll save the lives of guys rushing somewhere nearby in their rusty cut-up van. Because those guys oriented themselves in time, thanks to the sound of gunfire. I've been that guy in the van more than once and I know what I'm talking about.

That's why it's obvious that the more such observation posts there are on logistics routes – the better. On my direction closer to the line of contact there are quite a lot of them now, but closer to the rear there are significantly fewer. And the rear, excuse me, is getting absolutely hammered. And that's where the number of OPs needs to be increased urgently.

My channel on Max

@brussinf Original msg

Rybar in English, [13.05.2026 04:20]
📝Suddenly remembered about sanctions📝
Indians refusing Russian LNG or just pretending?

The Middle East crisis continues to hit energy-importing countries hard. The closure of the Strait of Hormuz has been particularly painful for South Asian states. However, their approach to where to source the critically needed hydrocarbons remains unchanged for now.

According to Reuters sources, India declined to purchase Russian liquefied natural gas. A tanker carrying an LNG shipment departed from the Portovaya terminal in Leningrad Region — with an Indian port listed as the destination. But New Delhi rejected it.

The main reason — the Portovaya terminal falls under Western sanctions. New Delhi remains open to supplies from other locations not subject to restrictions, such as Yamal LNG, though cargo routes there are already allocated and there are no spare shipments available.

This pattern has been observed before. Back in 2025, the Russian side probed the possibility of supplies from Arctic LNG-2, but India declined that deal as well. Meanwhile, New Delhi continued and continues to purchase sanctioned oil, even at a discount.

📌However, this time the situation is somewhat different. The LNG tanker is currently off the coast of Malaysia, near the Strait of Malacca — a "favorite" transshipment point. Therefore, the liquefied natural gas could still end up in India, meaning the information leak to Western journalists could have been intentional misdirection.

❗️India, despite its difficult energy situation, tries to avoid secondary sanctions and publicly separates "acceptable" supplies from riskier ones. However, it's premature to rule out shadow purchases entirely: the crisis drags on, meaning the temptation for Indian players to seek workarounds remains.
#India #Russia #economy
✈ RU | ✈ EN | ✉ MAX

✉️ VK | ✉️ RuTube | ✉️ OK | ✉️ Zen

💸

Rybar in English, [13.05.2026 03:17]
📝There's a problem📝

The growing number of strikes on front-line logistics, particularly on the land corridor to Crimea, increasingly raises the question of developing a full-fledged air defense system for low-altitude threats and protecting rear routes from drones.

➡️Modern warfare is gradually changing the structure of the front. As Starshe Eddy notes, to ensure offensive operations and supply groupings in the rear, you need personnel. Currently, the rear requires several times more people than those directly on the line of contact, which we covered in detail in a video on TAKTIKA.

➡️As the number of drones increases, the rear must be saturated with air defense systems and more. This involves FPV interceptor crews, "Yolka"-type drones, observation posts, and engineering equipment for communication routes.

➡️And even installing anti-drone nets requires large numbers of personnel and equipment. Moreover, such tasks cannot be delegated to civilian contractors everywhere—especially in areas regularly coming under fire.

📌 As a result, personnel density is increasingly shifting deeper into the rear, 20–30 kilometers from the front and beyond. This means that as forces accumulate in the rear, the enemy will expand its strike capabilities against these supply and logistics areas. And judging by footage of NARS launches with drones, this is already happening in full force.
#Drones #Russia #Ukraine
✈️ RU | ✈️ EN | ✉️ MAX

✉️ VK | ✉️ RuTube | ✉️ OK | ✉️ Zen

💸Support us Original msg

Rybar in English, [13.05.2026 01:59]
⚡️Two Majors #Report as of the morning of May 13, 2026

▪️ Mutual massive strikes have resumed. Overnight, reports of repelling UAV attacks came from Crimea, Krasnodar Krai, and Rostov Oblast. In Krasnodar Krai, a fire is being extinguished at an enterprise in the village of Volna, Temryuk district (96 personnel and 29 pieces of equipment involved); one person was injured. In Taman, debris of UAVs was found at several addresses. As of 6:30 AM (Moscow time), an aerial attack on Rostov Oblast was ongoing; two dozen UAVs were repelled in the cities of Kamensk-Shakhtinsky and Novoshakhtinsk, as well as in four other districts of the region. In the Khutor Likhoy area, a private house was damaged; in Zimovnikovsky and Krasnosulinsky districts, wind turbine installations were damaged. An attack by Ukrainian UAVs approaching Yaroslavl was repelled by air defense and EW forces; the governor reports "debris from a downed UAV hitting an industrial facility in Yaroslavl."

▪️ The Russian Armed Forces conducted heavy strikes on Odessa, Krivy Rog, Kharkov, and Dnepropetrovsk and Poltava oblasts. Another locomotive was struck yesterday in Dnepropetrovsk Oblast.

▪️ In Bryansk Oblast, the Armed Forces of Ukraine attacked the village of Solovyovka in Klimovsky district with FPV drones; two civilians were wounded. A "Darts" UAV attacked the railway station of Unecha; two employees of Russian Railways were wounded. In the settlement of Kister, Pogarsky district, a civilian was wounded by a strike on a moving civilian car.

▪️ In the Sumy direction, the Army Group "North" continues to clear forest areas in Shostka district, advancing towards Bachevsk. In Sumy district, our assault units advanced on eighteen sectors up to 600 meters; small-arms battles are ongoing in Kondratovka, Zapsillya, and the surrounding areas.

▪️ In Kursk Oblast, in the village of Rzhava, Glushkovsky district, a 42‑year‑old cyclist was injured while trying to evade an enemy drone.

▪️ In Belgorod Oblast, on a section of the Otradovsky – Krasnaya Yaruga highway, a drone struck a passenger car; a man suffered barotrauma. On the Graivoron – Ilyok‑Penkovka road, a drone dropped an explosive device on a passenger car; a man was wounded. Near the village of Sheino, a driver was injured by a drone strike on a UAZ vehicle. Numerous settlements are under constant enemy attacks.

▪️ In the Kharkov direction, the Army Group "North" continues assault operations in the Volchansk sector. Stubborn small‑arms battles continue in the forest areas of Volchansk district, along the right bank of the Volchya River, as well as in Chaikovka and Volokhovka. Attacks have resumed in the Velyky Burluk direction, northwest of Kupyansk district.

▪️ In Konstantinovka, the Russian Armed Forces are fighting within the urban area, trying to envelop the city from the southern direction. The situation is complicated by the actions of the Armed Forces of Ukraine in Chasov Yar, where the situation for our troops has severely degraded over the past month.

▪️ In the Slavyansk direction, the Russian Armed Forces are increasing efforts on the approaches to Ray‑Aleksandrovka, but the enemy has increased the number of UAVs in the air; both sides are operating with small infantry groups.

▪️ In Zaporozhye Oblast, the Armed Forces of Ukraine carried out a massive shelling of the Kamensko‑Dneprovska district; a man was wounded. The governor asked motorists to refrain from traveling to Vasylivka and Kamensko‑Dneprovska municipal districts. Power supply interruptions were reported in Berdyansk.

▪️ In Kherson Oblast, the results of the ceasefire period have been tallied: two people died, and eight civilians were wounded as a result of Ukrainian strikes.

Compiled by: Two Majors



Fwd from @
📝Iran is no longer an obstacle📝
American leader heads to Beijing

Donald Trump finally made it to China today. Despite the confusion with Iran, which had already caused the trip to be postponed, the American president's plane landed at Beijing airport today. The visit — the first in nine years — will last until May 15, and its agenda will be packed.

🔻What will they discuss?

▪️The main topic of negotiations is trade. Both sides likely want to cement the continuation of the limited ceasefire reached in 2025: reduce tension over tariffs while simultaneously expanding China's purchases of American goods.

▪️The creation of new bilateral platforms for trade and investment is also being discussed. But they will apparently be advisory in nature and unlikely to receive real authority to make decisions.

▪️A separate block — major commercial deals. The U.S. is pushing the Chinese to purchase agricultural products, as well as to conclude a long-discussed Boeing contract. American energy resources are also on the agenda, which Trump traditionally tries to use as a tool to reduce the trade imbalance.

▪️One of the acute issues — technology and critical raw materials. Americans want to extend Chinese concessions on rare earth metals, without which both industry and the defense sector suffer. The topic of high-tech chips, on which the U.S. has imposed export restrictions, will also come up — which is why the Nvidia director is part of the delegation.

But still, most observers will be watching not trade, but the Taiwan question, since this topic will clearly be discussed. There is a persistent feeling in the air that the Chinese side will try to "bend" Trump into making certain concessions — such as agreeing to arms supplies to the island or changing the wording of U.S. policy.

🖍Although you shouldn't expect a major breakthrough from this visit. The contradictions are too deep, and the positions of both sides on key issues have barely changed. The most likely outcome — extension of the trade pause or a promise to work on it, several high-profile deals, and general statements about the need to maintain dialogue.

❗️Trump's visit to Beijing is an attempt to stabilize the situation, not to actually turn it around. Both sides want to reduce the risk of new escalation while not giving in on truly fundamental issues. On the surface, everything may look like a warming of relations, but the fundamental disagreements between the sides won't go away.
#China #USA
🏮@rybar_pacific — your ticket to Pacific chaos

💸 Support us Original msg



