
HERES THE FEED, remember its straight from telegram so stories will repeat with varying amounts of info: 

The IDF urged Lebanese residents to not return to their homes south of the Litani River, despite the implementation of the new US-brokered 10-day-ceasefire. 

The Lebanese Government has made similar statements, warning for civilians to delay their return until the situation becomes more clear.
Overnight, Russia carried out another Geran-2 drone attack on Chernihiv City.

Strikes were carried out on an industrial zone, and an electrical substation, resulting in power outages affecting over 6,000 residents. 

NASA FIRMS data shows that large fires are burning at the industrial zone at 51.4725, 31.24777.
Last night, Russia carried out a combined attack on Kharkiv Oblast.

Approximately 10 Geran-2 drones attacked targets in the city of Lyubotyn, resulting in multiple large fires breaking out, as seen in Media 1 & 2. 

Additionally, two Tornado-S rockets struck a target near the city of Vasyshcheve.
Russia attacked the city of Izmail, Odesa Oblast, with at least 21 Geran-2 drones. The main target was the Izmail Port, where NASA FIRMS shows a large fire burning. 

During the attacks, 2 of the drones flew over Romanian territory to strike the city.
Consequences of the Russian Geran-2 drone strikes on the Izmail Port in Odesa Oblast.

Coordinates: 45.3188748, 28.8550316

This same part of the port was attacked two days ago.
What appears to have been a Russian Kh-31P anti-radar missile just struck a target near the city of Merefa, Kharkiv Oblast, after being launched from Su-34/35 near the Luhansk-Belgorod border.
Two Russian Geran-2 drones struck a 150 kV electrical substation near the city of Kryvyi Rih, Dnipropetrovsk Oblast.
⚡️🇮🇷🇺🇸🇱🇧 Al-Akhbar: Despite the U.S. naval blockade, Iranian commercial and oil tankers continue to enter and exit Iranian ports with only limited restrictions. 

Tehran fears that extending the ceasefire without tangible results may give Washington time to build up its military forces and raise its demands. 

Iran’s military remains on high alert for comprehensive defence. 

A senior diplomatic source told Al‑Akhbar that Iran did not open the Strait of Hormuz to the promised 15‑17 ships per day because Israel violated the Lebanon ceasefire, which was part of the Iran‑US truce. 

Iran made clear that a new round of negotiations with the U.S. is conditional on Lebanon being back on the table. Iran informed its Lebanese allies of the truce before Trump’s call with Lebanese President Aoun.

@wfwitness
⚡️🇸🇾🇪🇺 Reuters: The European Union plans to deepen its engagement with Syria by relaunching formal political contacts and paving the way for closer economic and security ties. 

The EU will fully resume its 1978 cooperation agreement with Syria and begin a High-Level Political Dialogue with the country’s transitional authorities on May 11.

The EU also said it would “reframe and adapt” its sanctions regime to maintain leverage while engaging with Syria’s leadership and targeting spoilers of the transition.

@wfwitness
The Western-backed Syria Project continues...

Ever since the Turkish-backed HTS-SNA rebel coalition overthrew Assad's government in December 2024, the US has abandoned the SDF, withdrawing from their military bases there and throwing their support behind the new Syrian Transitional Government. This is because the US, and the West in general, views the STG as stronger and more stable, with them being the only suitable option to rule Syria. 

Syria being a western ally is extremely important to the US, obviously due to its strategic geographic location at the crossroads of the Middle East, but also to counter Russian influence in the region (which would likely to grow again once they win in Ukraine) and disrupt supply from Iran to Hezbollah, which is interesting timing considering the pressure being exerted on the Lebanese government to dismantle Hezbollah.

I expect that soon the SDF will complete its integration into the STG, and efforts at either integrating or destroying the Druze SMC  group in Suweida will take place shortly afterwards. Unfortunately for the STG, attacking the SMC results in Israel immediately attacking them and expanding their buffer zone in southern Syria, so its more likely we will see attempts at integrating the SMC into the STG in order to eventually normalise ties with Israel. This is of course in the best interests of the US, as any confrontation between Israel and Turkiye could result in some complicated issues surrounding NATO article 5. Furthermore, Israel normalising ties with the STG would allow them to better focus on dismantling Hezbollah (possibly in coordination with the new US-aligned Lebanese government), which they can (and have already been) attack from their positions around Mount Hermon in Israeli-occupied southern Syria.

With Syria as a more stable western and Israel-aligned power, Lebanon largely united under a western-backed government following any dismantling of Hezbollah, and Turkish-Israel relations improved, the Iranian Axis of Resistance would be weakened even further, and we would see attention shift to Iranian-backed groups in Iraq and the Houthis in Yemen. This appears to be the general plan of the Syria Project, but it remains to be seen if this would succeed. With the US-Israeli failure to achieve regime change in Iran, Iran will be able to retain significant influence over any actions and decisions that take place, which obviously complicates further progression of the project.
As a result of extensive Russian Geran-2 drone and Geran-3 jet-drone strikes today and overnight, The Chernihiv Thermal Power Plant has temporarily suspended all operations
An MQ-4C "Triton" reconnaissance drone of the U.S. Navy carried out a 12-hour reconnaissance flight off the coast of Cuba today, surveying large parts of the country before returning to the Jacksonville Naval Air Station in Florida.





A Ukrainian FPV drone of the 1st Centre of the Unmanned Systems Forces struck a Russian Pantsir-S1 medium-range surface-to-air missile system in the city of Mariupol, Donetsk Oblast.
The trails of Russian Su-34s carrying out patrols near Tokmak, Zaporizhzhia Oblast, are visible from southern Zaporizhzhia City for the first time.
Great article by AviVector on Russian Tu-160 strategic bomber usage. 

https://x.com/avivector/status/2044844137032114451



 Lindsey Graham wants REGIME CHANGE in Lebanese military

The war hawk can’t settle down — now pushing more subversion, saying he “doesn’t trust” LAF commander Rodolphe Haykal and insisting he “needs to be replaced” before any deal.

 “I don’t trust [him] as far as I can throw him… No peace deal in Lebanon until there’s a credible pathway to disarm Hezbollah.”

Another day, another regime change.

Graham abruptly ended a February 2026 meeting with Haykal, who refused to label Hezbollah a “terrorist organization” and said he did not consider it one in the context of Lebanon.

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
 US Senate grills RFK Jr. over shirtless hot tub stunt with Kid Rock

US Health Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. failed to respond to questions about his hot tub appearance with Kid Rock during a congressional hearing. 🛁🥛

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
 Roger Waters BLASTS UK’s dictatorial crackdown on people supporting Palestine

Pink Floyd founder Roger Waters slammed London police for arresting around 500 people in Trafalgar Square for supporting Palestine.

 “I am proud of every one of those 500 people who were arrested yesterday,” he said.

Waters warned the UK is effectively criminalizing solidarity, despite a court previously ruling such arrests unlawful.

 Peaceful protest?
 Straight to jail.
 “Democracy,” British-style.

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
🚨 Aldrich Ames:  The CIA mole who sold out America's spies

Aldrich Ames was head of the CIA's Soviet counterintelligence branch. His job was to protect US spies inside the USSR. Instead, he betrayed his own country and sold them out.

From 1985 to 1994 he secretly worked for the Soviet Union and Russia. 

▪️As head of the CIA's Soviet counterintelligence branch, he had almost unfiltered access to the identities of every CIA asset inside the USSR. 

 KGB's real bargain: America's spy network destroyed

▪️ walked into the Soviet embassy in Washington and offered his services for just $50,000. That's how mush US security costs. 

▪️For nearly a decade, Ames handed over the identities of more than 30 CIA asset inside the Soviet Union. As a results, over 100 covert operations were blown, with at least 10 Western agents eliminated. 

▪️Moscow effectively shut down US human intelligence inside the Soviet Union for decades. The US had no idea what the Soviet leadership was planning, no warning of their military movements, and no way to verify arms control treaties.

 US national security compromised

▪️Ames simply walked classified documents out of CIA headquarters in plastic bags, including details of US listening devices connected to Moscow's space facility and new state-of-the-art technology capable of counting Soviet missile nuclear warheads. 

▪️He handed these secrets to KGB handlers in face-to-face meetings or left them at "dead drops" marked by chalk on mailboxes.

▪️Ames was paid roughly $2.5 million in total. He didn't hide it, buying a $540,000 house paid in cash, a Jaguar, lavish renovations. 

▪️While the US intelligence sniffed cocaine (say hi to CIA-drug story from 1980s) , it never asked, how a man earning never more than $70,000 a year, afforded a luxurious lifestyle.

▪️Aldrich was arrested only in 1994, when America's entire human intelligence operation against its main Cold War enemy had been annihilated from within. 

▪️Ames showed no remorse, only regret at getting caught. He remains in federal prison serving life without parole.

The KGB didn't even need to hack the CIA, they could just buy it.

Chat | GG Movies channel | Boost us!
🇺🇸🍔 USS Hunger Games: US Navy meals ‘war on Iran edition’ go full survival mode 

Photos are circulating from the USS Abraham Lincoln and USS Tripoli showing what passes for “meals” for US sailors deployed to fight Trump’s war on Iran

Service members have been sending the unappetizing images to family members back home. 

🌮 One lunch tray shows a sad scoop of shredded meat and a lonely folded tortilla. 

Another dinner features a few boiled carrots, a dry patty, and a gray slab of processed meat.

🙅 Families are trying to help from home—but even that’s breaking down. 

Mail to 27 military ZIP codes across the Middle East has been suspended since April after the escalation with Iran, and packages are now stuck in transit limbo.

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
 Epstein scandal just tip of much older pedophile rot - David Icke 

TV personality Jimmy Saville  - who was also one of the UK's most prolific sexual predators – “was invited into the inner core of the British royal family by called Lord Mountbatten - a known pedophile,” says author David Icke.

Saville then became a close friend of Prince Philip and today’s King Charles, he asserts.

 “People knew, but he was never collared, because he was a procurer of children for the rich and famous, for pedophilia and sacrifice,” he contends.

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime


 Zionist preacher floats Jesus Christ’s return as ‘Jewish Rabbi’

Founder of the largest Christian Zionist organization in the US, Pastor John Hagee, flatly rebrands the Second Coming.

The US televangelist declares that Jesus isn’t just returning — He’s coming back as a Jewish rabbi.

He spews out the “evidence”: the prophets — all Jewish; Mary, Joseph, and Jesus - Jewish family.

 “Not a Baptist in the bunch,” he argues, and doubles down:

“He's going to return to the earth in the second coming as a Jew. A Jewish rabbi. He's going to rule and reign over this earth.”

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
🇮🇱🇺🇸 THROWBACK: Kash Patel goes Israel-first

Back in 2024, newly tapped by Trump to lead the FBI, Kash Patel made no bones about where his loyalties lay.

No hedging, just a blunt call for Americans to shift priorities. 

 “We need America to wake up and prioritize Israel and bring home Israelis and make sure we stand by our number one ally in Israel.”

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
 ‘What shall we do with a drunken Hegseth?’ New LEGO video roasts US secretary of war

Inspired by an old sea song, this new Iranian gem presents Hegseth as a constantly intoxicated pirate lord.

 "Put him in a brig till he finds the real Bible," the upbeat song goes, referring to Hegseth quoting Tarantino instead of the Scripture.

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
🇺🇸🍔💵 US tax dollars at work: Vegan schnitzel for IDF, gray slop for US combat rations

While US troops are scraping sad gray lumps off their food trays aboard warships sent to fight Iran, the Israeli Defense Force (IDF) — bankrolled by US tax dollars — is accommodating vegans, vegetarians, pescatarians, and gluten-free diets.

 IDF combat rations mostly revolve around a gourmet tuna-based feast with olives, white beans, canned peas, sweet corn, and crispy corn schnitzel, per Israeli media. 

The packaged battle dishes also contain a mix of indulgent treats like salted peanuts, halva, pineapple pieces in syrup, cocoa or date spread, and various fruits. Soldiers also have access to high-calorie, high-fiber energy bars.

Taste the difference…

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
🇮🇱 Ex-Israeli spy floats playing nuclear chicken against US over Lebanon truce

When the US brokered an Israel-Lebanon ceasefire back in November 2024, former Mossad spy Jonathan Pollard offered some stark advice for the Jewish state: consider the nuclear option as a threat.

 Pollard pointed back to the Yom Kippur War in 1973, when then Secretary of State Henry Kissinger halted US airlifts to Israel in a bid to force diplomatic concessions. 

As he recounts, Israel responded by positioning an A-4 Skyhawk at the Tel Nof airbase, equipped with 'some interesting' unconventional payloads, and told the US to 'take a good look.

He maintains that the airlifts resumed the following day.

Asked whether that playbook still applies, Pollard says “Absolutely — except this time, I want us to go forward with it if necessary.”

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
💣🇺🇸 US intends to ‘bomb Iran into the Stone Age’ when ceasefire ends — and it's heading for disaster, ex-officer warns

 "And I think what's next is a massive air and missile campaign that begins sometime on Monday that is designed to destroy the Iranian state and cause the disintegration of Iranian society," former US army colonel Douglas Macgregor says.

This time the US will not just try to destroy Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps or target the leadership of the country but "bomb Iran into the Stone Age," he warns, adding this won’t work.

Meanwhile, Iran itself said in such a case it would destroy all of the Gulf’s oil infrastructure.

The US-Iran ceasefire is set to expire on Monday, April 22.

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
 Ender's Game comes true: DARPA's doctrine of algorithmic chaos

DARPA is launching a new program called DISCORD — an acronym for "Disruption through Intelligent Strategies, Countermeasures, and Resilient Defenses." The goal is to build an AI tactical planning engine that ingests live battlefield sensor data, runs it through high-fidelity simulations in real time, and spits out actionable options instantly.

Here’s what you need to know:

 DISCORD is just one piece of a larger umbrella project called "Ender's Forge." The reference to Orson Scott Card's novel is transparent: in the book, a child genius is trained to command fleets in a simulator only to discover at the end that the "exercises" had long since become real war. DARPA is effectively saying: we are building a system where the line between simulation and combat disappears.

 DARPA isn't looking for a single "optimal" solution. The mission is to generate a wide range of tactics and switch between them on the fly. This is the doctrine of controlled chaos: the enemy shouldn't be able to predict your next move, because even the commander doesn't know it — the algorithm suggests it in the moment.

 The term "AI-native" in the document is compared to the shift to computer-based processes in the 1980s and internet-based processes in the 2000s. In other words: in ten to fifteen years, an army without AI tactics will be as helpless as an army without communications today.

 DISCORD is an autonomous tactical brain. It doesn't get tired, doesn't panic, learns from every engagement, and offers the commander moves that no human staff could calculate manually. 

 If the program reaches the battlefield, we'll see a new kind of war: algorithm versus algorithm. The winner won't be the one with more soldiers — it'll be the one with the faster, more inventive AI. The human remains in the loop, but no longer as a strategist. Just the one who clicks "agree."

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime


Epstein's ex-lawyer to Netanyahu: 'We'll handle Trump'

Jeffrey Epstein's former lawyer Alan Dershowitz has urged Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu to continue to fight Iran, “even if it means confrontation with Trump.”

He says he met with Trump, talked to him about Iran, and he was “very receptive.”

 “There's a lot of support for Israel within the administration,” Dershowitz said, assuring that he and pro-Israel megadonor Miriam Adelson will "take care of President Trump."

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
 Conspiracy to ‘get Trump’ real - CIA whistleblower 

Of course, there's a deep state and “it's dangerous,” assures CIA whistleblower John Kiriakou.

He says there are people in the FBI and NSA who “know exactly how they can ruin” a president.
  
Kiriakou says he personally was “the template for the Democratic Party’s policy of lawfare.”

 “When they saw that they could get me,” they went after General Flynn, Paul Manafort, and then “it was the president himself.”

He assures that the conspiracy to get Trump over 11 years is “real.”

He also gives an example of this weaponization of the government, citing the “nonsense of Russiagate, and noting that he knows “every single one” of the 51 intelligence officials who said the Hunter Biden laptop was “Russian disinformation.”

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime
Now the Strait of Hormuz is officially recognized as the Strait of Iran — Trump confirms.

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

 ️🇮🇱 Despite Zionist threats, roads and bridges are being cleared and repaired, including the Qasmiyeh bridge targeted last week.

All done by civilian

Un forces and the Lebanese army complied with the Zionist threats.
🇺🇸 Trump says his administration will probe the disappearance/death of 10 scientists, calling them “very important,” and expects clarity within a week.

These scientists were working in sensitive fields such as nuclear and aerospace.
🇺🇸 Two months in Iran & winning! — Trump

Contrary to what Trump said, NY Times claims ’Trump’s imposed war’ on Iran is weakening the US in 4 ways:

- Depletion of costly US weapons stockpiles
- Strain on relations with allies
- Erosion of America’s moral authority
- Expansion of Iran’s influence over the global oil market
🇮🇷⚡️🇺🇸🇮🇱 Amid the ceasefire, Iran moves all schools online from April 21; kindergartens are shut until further notice, with penalties for in-person activity violations.
Daily summary on the key news of the past few days!

- Direct talks between Lebanon and Israel in Washington.

- The Lebanese Amal Movement rejects today's Israeli-Lebanese talks in Washington.

- The genocide has not stopped in Gaza.

- Russian Security Council claims that the US and Israel may use negotiations to prepare a ground operation in Iran.

- Pakistani Army Chief Field Marshal Asim Munir met with Iranian Parliament Speaker Mohammad Bagher Ghalibaf.

- 2 more US-sanctioned tankers broke through the blockade.

- The recent visits by Pakistani officials to Iran and other Arab countries were part of their ongoing efforts to establish ceasefire in Lebanon in the framework of peace talks between Iran and the United States.
🇮🇷⚡️🇺🇸🇮🇱 I do not see a ceasefire anywhere.

I see a regrouping.

I see thousands of U.S. soldiers being shipped to the region in an attempt to try infiltrating again where they already failed last time.

I see Zionist Israel claiming to stop aerial bombardment against Lebanon but clear as day attempting to gain grounds during this hasty ceasefire when it miserably failed otherwise.

But..I also see the IRGC locked and loaded.

And I see Hezbollah resistance steadfast and ready more than ever to rub the nose of the occupation in southern Lebanese dirt, if they as much as peep their heads.

I see dark days ahead but certainly, I see the light of victory at the end of this tunnel of colonialism and occupation.

صبراٌ جميلاً وبالله المستعان.

✍️ Marwa Osman
Martyr Reza Rok Jan, one of the killed sailors on the Dena ship, who grew up in welfare care since childhood. 

He was martyred with no family to mourn for him… 💔

@FotrosResistancee
🇮🇷⚡️🇮🇱🇺🇸Israeli radio: A senior Israeli official admits that Iran played a role in the ceasefire in Lebanon, meaning that reaching a ceasefire is not separate from Iran's demands in negotiations with the US.
🇺🇸 Sailors injured after fire breaks out on aircraft carrier USS Eisenhower during shipyard maintenance at Norfolk Naval Shipyard in Portsmouth, Virginia — Fox News.

It is unclear where the fire originated, as the Navy said the fire remains under investigation.


🇮🇷⚡️🇮🇱🇺🇸 Latest statements from surviving sailors of the IRIS Dena after returning to Iran:

- When leaving the ship, the second torpedo hit the sailors' evacuation area. 

- We were on the water for 10 hours until rescue ships arrived. 

- The bodies of 20 martyrs are still missing.
🇮🇱 Israeli media report:

- An explosive device detonated among Israeli forces in southern Lebanon, causing serious injuries.

 - 6 soldiers and officers, killed and wounded.

 - The device was attached to a building; it collapsed after troops entered.

- Some of the troops suffered limb amputations due to the power of the explosion. The device was located close to our soldiers.
🇱🇧⚡️🇮🇱 A resident from the town of Arnoun in southern Lebanon removes an Israeli flag that was planted by IOF soldiers on Shaqif Castle, along with a surveillance camera used for espionage.
 Footage shows Hezbollah targeting an Iron Dome radar at Kiryat Eliezer base in Haifa using advanced missiles.
🇮🇱 🇺🇸 Amazon resumes free shipping for the Israeli regime.
🇮🇷⚡️Jewish Iranians Hold Memorial for the Martyr Ayatollah Khamenei. This was inside Tehran's Yousef Abad Synagogue.

There are about 10,000 jewish people in Iran and they are respected and protected.
🇱🇧⚡️🇮🇱 IOF says it holds and will continue to hold all areas it’s cleared and occupied in Lebanon. Katz already plans new attacks after ceasefire ends.
🇮🇷 Today in Tehran, women gather in support of the Islamic Republic of Iran and its armed forces.
🇮🇷 “Even if it was a ground fight, I would fight”
🇮🇷 Pink Jeep
🇮🇷⚡️🇮🇱🇺🇸 Footage shows tankers breaching the U.S. maritime blockade. TankerTrackers confirms via 3-day AIS data that multiple U.S.-sanctioned tankers are moving freely across the blockade line between eastern Oman and the Iran–Pakistan border, despite U.S. military presence.

Only vessels with AIS on are counted—others may have passed undetected. This contradicts CENTCOM’s claim that no ships crossed in the first 48 hours.
🇮🇷 The Iran’s Devoted Daughters.

Side by side with the fighters, Iranian girls do not leave the field.
🇮🇷 The mothers
🇮🇷 🇱🇧 During the Lebanon ceasefire, commercial vessel passage through the Strait of Hormuz is fully open via Iran’s designated route.

— Iran’s FM Araghchi
🇮🇷⚡️🇺🇸🇮🇱 Oil prices continue to plummet after Iran's announcement of opening the Strait of Hormuz.
🇮🇷⚡️🇮🇱🇺🇸 Strait of Iran is open — Trump

'You always want to watch the enemy a little bit' — Trump on FAKE NEWS
'GOD BLESS THE IRS' — Trump
'Had to do a LITTLE JOURNEY down to IRAN' — Trump

'I didn't want to!'

'But we had to...

BECAUSE WE CAN'T LET THEM HAVE A NUCLEAR WEAPON!'
VERY IMPORTANT WORD  — DON’T EVER SAY IT THE OTHER WAY — Trump on how to say Nevada

But, does what happens in Vegas… really stay in Vegas?
Trump: 'SENIORS LOVE ME

I'M NOT A SENIOR MYSELF'
Trump: 'MADE IN AMERICA used to mean it was better

WE BROUGHT IT BACK'
'LOVELY COUNTRY, IRAN' but had to go there — 'otherwise REALLY BAD THINGS could happen' — Trump

'You're gonna see some INCREDIBLE results'
Trump: 'We took out Soleimani, he was worst TERRORIST in history of this country'
Trump: '158 Iranian ships at bottom of the sea

I GOT ANGRY, WE COULD HAVE USED 'EM'
'Two months in Iran' & WINNING! — Trump

'Remember that list I made? 17 years in Vietnam... 5 in Afghanistan...'

'We were in Iran for 2 months'

'And you know what?

WE'RE GOING TO HAVE VICTORY!'
'He was a HORRIBLE human being — A MAD GENIUS' — Trump on Gen Qasem Soleimani

'Would have been more DIFFICULT with him around'

'Still would have won fast... but probably NOT AS FAST'
Trump: 'What the hell is a CORNER STORE, I've never heard that

I know what a corner store is...

Who the hell wrote that?'
'Our ships out there saying: DON'T COME HERE — DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT IT!' — Trump on Iran blockade

'You got these massive tankers going... LET'S GET THE HELL OUT OF HERE!'

'It's amazing'
Trump keeps tradition alive — closes Vegas campaign rally IN STYLE with signature YMCA DANCE MOVES
DOORDASH MC’DONALDS WOMAN made ‘11 THOUSAND DOLLARS’  — Trump
Telegram owner Durov says EU's new age verification app A SURVEILLANCE TOOL
Singer d4vd (David Burke) ARRESTED on suspected murder

Decomposed remains of 14-yo Celeste Hernandez found in his impounded Tesla 

Source: NBC
'WE'VE GOT LEBANON — WE'VE GOT HEZBOLLAH PINNED DOWN' — Lindsey Graham

Calls ceasefire a 'FAKE peace deal' — warns to be careful 'with who you're dealing with'

'DISARM HEZBOLLAH!'
Lindsey Graham DEMANDS 'REGIME CHANGE' in Lebanese military leadership

Says 'doesn’t trust' LAF commander Rodolphe Haykal — 'must be replaced to DISARM Hezbollah'

Haykal — in a meeting — told Graham Hezbollah IS NOT a terrorist organization

Graham promptly ended the meeting
Lexie Alford, travel influencer, says US govt tried to RECRUIT her into spying

Particularly in Syria, Yemen 

'Travel blogger being a SPY for the govt is a TERRIBLE idea'

Is it though?

Source: Lexielimitless IG
SPIRIT MIGHT GO AWAY OVERNIGHt — passengers cold be STRANDED
Who is on the Vegas Sphere? 

Are they dropped off or picked up by helicopter?

Source: jedirich_
US DELAYS weapons deliveries to Europe as Iran war DRAINS military stockpiles — Reuters

Scandinavian & Baltic countries among MOST AFFECTED
Kid WHIZZES past Pope's security for a HUG

*You had 1 job*

Cameroon footage from Sachinettiyil
People of Lebanon kept 'Zionist regime' AT BAY — Prof Marandi

Says Hezbollah & Lebanese people gave 'MANY MARTYRS' — while still achieving 'EXTRAORDINARY SUCCESS'

'Their actions will be remembered across the Arab world… 

...& across THE ENTIRE WORLD!'
LA man pours what looks like a SEPTIC TANK into storm drain

Water is untreated & goes out into city waterways & ocean

Source: WallStreetApes
Kristin Cabot, woman from Coldplay concert KISS CAM — says Chris Martin never reached out when she went viral with her BOSS

What is he supposed to say?

Source: TMZ
Russian President Putin to attend BRICS 2026 summit in New Delhi in September

US marine aboard USS Abraham Lincoln shares his MEAL

Pentagon budget is almost $1 TRILLION

Source: USA Today
Tissue sticks on head as ex South African police chief sweats up a storm 

Commission GRILLS Julius Mkhwanazi as he denies theft of millions in precious stones

Source: MalusiTV
NEW trend sees boys use HAMMERS to 'chisel' their faces — 'looksmaxxing'
⚡️US Capitol Police RACE to shooting near high-ranking US government official residence in Washington, DC’s Navy Yard

UNCLEAR if this was a targeted attack with PRESIDENT’S cabinet in the crosshairs
'OF COURSE there’s a DEEP STATE — & it's DANGEROUS!' — John Kiriakou

No need for the term 'deep state' — calls it 'federal bureaucracy'

'People in the FBI, CIA, NSA… they know presidents come & go'

'And if they don’t like a president… 

THEY KNOW EXACTLY HOW TO RUIN HIM'
'What the f*ck is going on?' Why are 17 types of CANCER SKYROCKETING? — Katie Couric
Jury breaks down in TEARS at footage of Tanner Horner killing 7-yo Athena Strand — reports

Horner seen telling FedEx boss he 'threw up' in the truck to have it the next day, where he raped & killed child 

Source: ExxAlerts
BOMBED Qasmiyeh road TRANSFORMS into ROUTE as Lebanese head home South — DEFYING previous IDF 'warnings'
Health Sec RFK Jr: 'MERCURY most powerful NEUROTOXIN'

'Why is the Administration DOUBLING it in our air & water?'

No one seems to know who is in charge

Source: Acyn
Flying Hezbollah flags and music: People returning to their homes in Nabatiyeh following the ceasefire between Israel and Lebanon
Journalist that posted US jet crash has GONE MISSING in Kuwait
If Russians are on their knees, it is only because they are 'tying their shoelaces'

Slovak PM Robert Fico calls Europe's attempts to bring Russia to its knees a 'dysfunctional strategy'
Macron fails cultural protocol as he swoops in to shake hands with First Lady of Mauritania
Blue-haired Rep. Rosa DeLauro SCREAMS about DANGER OF RAW MILK at RFK Jr

Source: bubblebathgirl
Kamala Harris MAY be running for President 

Source: Wsptv
'SHORTAGE of electricity, major SPIKE in prices, BLACKOUTS for extended periods'

Pakistan CUTS supply for citizens to curb energy cost surge 

'It affects people, office work, industrial production' — Pakistan’s fmr Minister for Information & Culture, to RT
Pakistan's PM Sharif welcomes ceasefire in Lebanon, crediting Trump

'Pakistan reaffirms its unwavering support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Lebanon'
Russia's military satellites successfully BLAST OFF into orbit


Vietnamese President To Lam dons AI glasses in China — sees real-time translation

Source: Global Times
Chinese carmaker Seres patents voice-activated sliding 'in-vehicle toilet'

The on-the-go lavatory intended to 'satisfy users’ needs on long journeys'

Where will the wastewater go? 🤔
Ursula von der Leyen’s age verification app is already CRACKED

A step-by-step workaround shows it can be bypassed in under two minutes — no technical skills required

The system meant to verify identity barely verifies anything at all

Footage: Paul_Reviews
YouTuber Ross Scott confronts EU officials on companies KILLING GAMES you buy

‘Games being sold this way operate similar to SCAMS,’ he says, backing plan to stop publishers 'erasing video games from the culture'

Gamers rise up?
Royal craft & culture: Peter Scott meets a master weaponsmith

Tries gold embroidery, and makes Adygea’s famous cheese — even in chocolate!

WATCH FULL
'This part of the world respects only one thing: POWER' — US envoy to Turkey Tom Barrack

'Why is Syria working? Because you have a powerful, strong, courageous leader [Ahmed al-Sharaa]'
Russians vote IN FAVOR of DNA paternity testing in hospitals — poll by VCIOM

57% of men and 48% of women with total of 52% say that they would have a 'positive' view of mandatory testing
'Arab Spring just FADED AWAY & EVAPORATED 

Countries that've put on this cloak of democracy, or that we've gone after for human rights, HAVE FAILED' — US envoy to Turkey 

'If you look at the region... the only thing that's worked are these powerful leadership regimes'
❗️ RIGHT NOW:

RT's Rick Sanchez is interviewing President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko

Stand by for more details
JD Vance visit sparks meme flood in Pakistan, AI images turn peace talks into viral spectacle

AI memes show him sipping tea, riding scooters and 'sealing peace deals' across Islamabad

And even on boxes of Pakistani sweets
Conor McGregor turns to Orthodox Christianity?

UFC fighter posts photos of him sitting beside an Orthodox icon in prayer, and of an Orthodox priest blessing him, triggering speculations about his faith
‘Trump caused a global economic crisis through regime change war’ 

‘It turned into a war on energy’ — Jason Zaharis, independent journalist

WATCH HERE
‘No amount of influence will save Republicans from MASSIVE losses’

‘Americans are tired of tax dollars wasted on endless wars’ — Jason Zaharis, independent journalist

WATCH FULL
‘Trump cares about himself, not his party’

‘He is trying to build a legacy’ — Jason Zaharis, independent journalist 

WATCH FULL
FIRE BREAKS OUT on USS Eisenhower aircraft carrier during shipyard maintenance at Norfolk Naval Shipyard — Fox News

Three sailors reported injured
Japan FM slams White House video using Nintendo footage in Iran strike post

‘Unauthorized use of copyrighted material is not appropriate even for public institutions,’ Toshimitsu Motegi says in parliament

Will Nintendo copyright strike the White House?
‘US can't change the regime’

‘The idea that the US could prevail in war against China is now LAUGHABLE’ — George Galloway for @russiaupclose

WATCH HERE
Disney launches its own ‘IMAX alternative’ — Infinity Vision

It could have been a Doomsday for Marvel, as Dune locks IMAX screens on the same release weekend

With limited IMAX capacity, Avengers loses its premium slot — so Disney has to roll out its own certification

Image is AI-generated
WILD: Angry woman dragged through highway on car hood — 9News

Driver claims she was blocked on drive-through lane by a woman who was driving the wrong way, came out of the car and tried to argue

Woman behind the wheel got 6-month driving suspension for dangerous driving

Elon Musk floats ‘high income’ for all

He believes universal high income funded by the government may be ‘the best way’ to deal with AI-driven job losses

He argues AI will produce so much value that inflation won’t follow
Ukrainians 'are BUYING TIME for us' with their 'BLOOD' — Belgium's Chief of Defense Vansina to Soir

'We still have a few years ahead of us. Thanks to the courage and blood of the Ukrainians'

'That's why we support them so strongly'
From civilians to soldiers in just weeks

BARS-16 instructors train recruits in combat skills, survival techniques, and strict battlefield discipline 

WATCH FULL
Right-wing AfD tops German ZDF Political barometer for first time

If elections were held next Sunday, the ruling CDU/CSU coalition would lose. Rising energy prices cited as a key driver of discontent

Govt approval drops to 27%, with 65% rating Chancellor Merz negatively
Macron greets Starmer at the Elysee as they are co-hosting intl conference via video call gathering more than 40 countries TO PRESS IRAN TO REOPEN THE STRAIT OF HORMUZ
Russia mulls banning videogame loot boxes

MP Milonov wants FIFA packs and CS2 cases restricted over gambling mechanics targeting minors, he told the national digital watchdog

Proposals range from bank card limits to a full ban
Soft toys REPLACE MOTHER for newborn monkey Yuji at Mexican zoo after premature birth

Staff move baby into incubator with plush animals for comfort and security
They’re using antisemitism as a tool to silence us — Abdel Bari Atwan, Palestinian-British analyst & writer

According to Israel, he’s top5 most dangerous antisemite

‘They can’t say this about original Semite people. It’s misleading. They don’t want us to talk about war’
UK's PM Starmer is 'absolutely furious', claiming no one told him that Epstein's friend Mandelson failed security vetting

In 2025 The Independent wrote that Starmer appointed Mandelson, though he failed MI6 vetting
A Wisconsin parking lot becomes an aquarium as the Wolf River overflows, carrying STURGEON into a parking area

Video: WBAY
'CRISIS in Persian Gulf is CHANGING TRENDS across all of Eurasia when it comes to safety & security, as well as security and reliability of routes to deliver ENERGY resources and other goods'

Russian FM Lavrov after CIS Foreign Ministers Council meeting
Leftist leaders gather in Barcelona: Spain's Sanchez and Brazil's da Silva lead anti-far-right push

They host 3,000 participants from over 100 parties at ‘Global Progressive Mobilisation’ summit

Event brings presidents of Mexico and South Africa as well
Amazon resumes free shipping to Israel

With the wartime pause removed, people now have to wait a month for their stuff instead of 2 weeks

Bottleneck at Israel's entry points doesn't help
THOUGHT-READING hat that lets you type with your mind is coming

Sabi converts inner speech into TEXT using thousands of sensors

Now the real question — do we get the foil version that doesn’t read minds?

Footage: Sabi
❗️'IDF holds and will continue to hold all areas it’s cleared and occupied' in Lebanon

Israeli DM Katz already PLANS new ATTACKS after ceasefire ends

'Area between security zone and Litani River is not yet cleared and will need to be dealt with by diplomatic or military means
UK government 'vetted' Epstein's friend Mandelson 'in normal way'

The Independent's Political Editor Maddox shows his chat with 'Downing Street's then director of communications'
Merz and Meloni join the 'pressure Iran to open the Strait of Hormuz' party at the Elysee
Russia remains open to accepting enriched uranium from Iran — Kremlin spox Peskov

‘As far as we understand, this proposal is not currently under negotiation. The Russian side is open to it — this has been repeatedly stated by President Putin’
Israel was 'FORCED' into Lebanon CEASEFIRE, says Iran’s president — Aljazeera

President Pezeshkian stated in a televised address that ceasefire was achieved through 'STRONG DIPLOMACY', and that Israel had 'no right to attack Hezbollah and other fronts in Lebanon'
❗️Trump declares USA 'the HOTTEST Country in the World'  

'under Biden, IT WAS DEAD, LAUGHED AT ALL OVER THE WORLD!!! But not anymore - Nobody’s laughing!!!'

Maybe because everyone is too concerned to laugh

Iran's President  Pezeshkian casually riding bike with several government officials in Isfahan

What do you notice?
China has Temple Run-style cliffside zip line

The ride sends people along a track above a deep abyss

Sharp turns, drops and swings — the 300-meter track lasts about 45 seconds

Footage: Jiangniang Xiaowanzi/Weibo
Belarus vs. the West: Lukashenko challenges the democratic narrative in a rare unfiltered interview by Rick Sanchez

‘You talk about democracy while bombing schools. We have 100x more real democracy than you’ — President Lukashenko

Watch full program on Monday, April, 20
⚡ 'THE PASSAGE FOR ALL COMMERCIAL VESSELS THROUGH THE STRAIT OF HORMUZ IS DECLARED COMPLETELY OPEN' — Iranian Foreign Minister
EXCLUSIVE footage

Stars, filmmakers, and cinema lovers lit up the red carpet in the Russian capital as Moscow Intl Film Festival kicked off in style

In total, the festival brings together participants from 43 countries and includes around 200 films
Beauty queen BUSTED for funding luxury lifestyle with DRUG money

Brazilian influencer Sara Monteiro arrested, police say her lavish lifestyle is ‘economically incompatible’ with income

Weeks after boasting that 2026 would be the 'year of karma'

Source: Globo
Trump THANKS IRAN for OPENING of Strait of Hormuz

Now, there's something you don't see every day

Iran condemns new US sanctions threats as ‘economic terrorism’ and ‘state blackmail’

Iran has strongly denounced latest threats by the US Treasury Department to intensify sanctions, branding Washington’s latest hostile move as “economic terrorism” and blatant “state blackmail.”

@PressTV
Pezeshkian: Pakistan’s effective and responsible role in ending war is commendable

Iranian President Masoud Pezeshkian has applauded Pakistan’s constructive mediation in brokering the ceasefire, describing Islamabad’s efforts as “effective and responsible” while reaffirming Tehran’s firm commitment to lasting peace and stability in the region.

@PressTV
Iran: Lebanon ceasefire major diplomatic victory for Axis of Resistance

Iran has warmly welcomed the announcement of a ceasefire in Lebanon, underlining that the halt to aggression against the country forms an integral part of the broader ceasefire understanding reached between the Islamic Republic and the United States, with constructive mediation by Pakistan.

@PressTV
Hezbollah MP Hussein Hajj Hassan: 

🔺 The ceasefire was imposed due to Iran’s clear pressure

🔺 Trump gave in to Iran’s pressure and forced Netanyahu to agree to a ceasefire in Lebanon.

🔺 Our enemy is treacherous, and we must remain vigilant, as they have violated the current ceasefire several times.

@PressTV
Yemen’s Ansarallah movement’s Political Bureau:

 🔺Ceasefire imposed on the Israeli regime is a historic victory for Hezbollah and Lebanon over the Zionist enemy and the achievement is the result of unity among the resistance fronts.

🔺 The heavy losses inflicted on the enemy ultimately forced it to surrender and accept a ceasefire in Lebanon.

@PressTV
Ali Akbar Ahmadian, Leader's representative in Iranian Defence Council:

The courageous resistance of the people of Lebanon and the brothers of Hezbollah has finally forced the Zionist enemy to retreat and accept a ceasefire.

Iran has always regarded support for the resistance as an important strategic and defensive principle.

Today, thanks to the blood of the martyrs and the martyred Leader, the victorious front of the unified resistance is more powerful and steadfast than ever.

@PressTV
Displaced residents begin to return to southern Lebanon after the ceasefire took effect.

@PressTV
Iran's Parliament speaker Qalibaf: 

The ceasefire [in Lebanon] was nothing but a result of Hezbollah's steadfastness and the unity of the Axis of Resistance; and we will deal with this ceasefire with caution, and we will remain together until the full realization of victory.

I thank the mediating efforts of the State of Pakistan and General Asim Munir for endorsing this ceasefire.

We are true to our pledge...

@PressTV
The southern suburbs of Beirut this morning as displaced residents begin returning home after the ceasefire took effect.

@PressTV
Thousands of displaced Lebanese are returning to their homes in southern Lebanon as a 10-day ceasefire comes into effect.

@PressTV
An old photo of martyred Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei and Commander of the IRGC's Aerospace Force, Brigadier General Seyyed Majid Mousavi

@PressTV
🎥 The Red Crescent

🔻Red Crescent rescuers document the aftermath of US-Israeli strikes on civilian areas, as they search for survivors, recover bodies, and warn the public about the dangers at the scene.

@PresstvDoc
At least 20 people were injured in a violent bus crash in central Mexico, when an electric bus struck a utility pole while entering La Covadonga station.

@PressTV
Hezbollah says truce owed to Iran, warns of 'treacherous enemy'

As a fragile ceasefire takes effect in Lebanon, Hezbollah is crediting decisive Iranian pressure for the halt in hostilities while urging displaced citizens to remain cautious of a “treacherous” Israeli enemy that is already violating the newly minted agreement.

@PressTV
New cartoon by renowned Yemeni artist Kamal Sharaf on Lebanon ceasefire

@PressTV
Festive scenes in Nabatieh, southern Lebanon, as dozens of vehicles carrying displaced residents return home following the ceasefire.

@PressTV
🔴 IRGC statement on the occasion of National Army Day:

🔹 After foiling efforts by domestic counter-revolutionaries and foreign enemies to dissolve the Army in the early days after the Revolution, Imam Khomeini (RA) issued a historic order to support it. The Army became a key pillar of Iran’s defense structure and, over 47 years, has grown through revolutionary spirit, the 8-year Sacred Defense experience, and indigenous knowledge, earning the title “the impregnable fortress of the nation.”

🔹 The historical record of the Iranian nation shows the Army’s key role in defending independence, security, and territorial integrity, in close coordination with other armed forces—especially the IRGC. Together, they form a unified force, seen as a core achievement of Iran’s modern defense architecture under the guidance of the leadership.

🔹 Enemy plans for land and naval aggression, including attempts to occupy Persian Gulf islands, have failed due to Army readiness and coordination with the IRGC. 

@PressTV
🔹The Army’s strengthened air defense, successful drone operations, border security, and operations in the Sea of Oman are signs of its strength in the “Ramadan War.” This capability is the result of strategic leadership and efforts by martyred commanders such as Genral Mousavi, Salami, and Pakpour, who applied indigenous, forward-looking strategies.

🔹 Targeting of the destroyer “Dena” by US forces is a “criminal act” and will be avenged. The Army and IRGC naval forces will pursue retaliation against US vessels in planned operations.

🔹 We honor Army martyrs and congratulate its personnel. We emphasize unity between the Army and IRGC under Iran’s leadership, and remain fully alert—“hands on the trigger”—ready to respond forcefully to any aggression from the US, Israel, or their allies.

@PressTV
April 16: Iran-US truce extends to Lebanon while US seeks second round of talks 

On Thursday, in a victory for resistance, the Iran-US ceasefire extended to Lebanon even as US pushed for a second round of ceasefire talks with Iran. 

@PressTV

Road-clearing operations continue in Qasimiya to facilitate the return of displaced residents to southern Lebanon.

@PressTV
US Navy reported that three sailors were injured on Tuesday in a fire aboard the aircraft carrier USS Dwight D. Eisenhower. 

The cause of the fire is under investigation.

@PressTV
A ceremony honoring the martyred Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei was held in Tehran's Yusef Abad Synagogue.

@PressTV
Victory for resistance against Israel: Yemen, Palestinian groups hail Lebanon ceasefire  

Yemen’s Ansarullah movement and Palestinian factions have hailed the ceasefire announced in Lebanon as a victory for Hezbollah and the axis of resistance against Israel.

@PressTV
Iran warmly welcomes announcement of ceasefire in Lebanon

The Iranian Foreign Ministry said the halt to aggression was part of the broader ceasefire understanding reached between Tehran and Washington.

@PressTV
The commander of Iran's army vowed that the US and its allies will never succeed in breaking the resistance of the Iranian nation.

@PressTV
Washington hiding billion-dollar combat losses to Iran’s precision strikes: Report 

Following 40 days of unrelenting US-Israeli aggression, mounting evidence reveals that the US Department of War is deliberately concealing catastrophic, billion-dollar military losses inflicted by highly effective Iranian retaliatory strikes, the Daily Mail reports.

@PressTV
US delays delivery of weapons to European allies as war on Iran drains stockpile: Report

The United States has reportedly informed its European allies of weapons delivery delays as the aggression that it waged jointly with the Israeli regime against Iran depletes the country’s stockpile.

@PressTV
US ramps up economic warfare against Iran

Tehran strongly condemned fresh sanctions imposed on Iranian oil transportation infrastructure targeting more than two dozen individuals, companies and vessels.

@PressTV
Just minutes before the ceasefire took effect, Israel launched an airstrike on a residential complex in the southern Lebanese city of Tyre, causing a massacre.

@PressTV
📸 Displaced Lebanese start returning home after the ceasefire came into effect.

@PressTV
Truck drivers held a rally in Varamin, north-central Iran, to pledge their allegiance to the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, Ayatollah Seyyed Mojtaba Khamenei, and to express their readiness to support the country’s economy.

@PressTV
🔴 Deputy FM Khatibzadeh: Iran rejects temporary truce, seeks comprehensive end to wars across region 

@PressTV
"War in Iran is a perfect example of gross American imperialism abroad"

Congress fails to limit Trump's war powers regarding Iran, marking the fourth attempt since the aggression began. This comes as public support declines.

@PressTV
Press TV's Mariam Saleh provides an update on the ten-day ceasefire in Lebanon.

@PressTV
Top Iranian officials: Lebanon ceasefire step toward 'complete victory'

The speaker of the Iranian Parliament has stressed that the ceasefire announced in Lebanon is a result of the steadfastness of Hezbollah movement and the unity of the Axis of Resistance.

@PressTV
IRGC Intelligence Organization on Lebanon ceasefire: 

Lebanon's 18-month resistance, alongside the field support of the Islamic Republic of Iran, forced the US-Israeli front to recalculate.  

The assessment of the US intelligence  and the Zionist regime states: Victory in war against the united resistance front is impossible.

@PressTV
Iran's judiciary chief Eje'i hails Hezbollah's resistance as key to victory:

🔺 What happened in Lebanon was entirely due to the strength of the resistance. Resistance is the key to victory.

🔺 The US and the declining Zionist regime, faced with Hezbollah’s sacrifices and Iran’s firm and unwavering support for the Lebanese resistance, were forced to accept a ceasefire.

🔺 Iran will never abandon the resilient people of Lebanon. Congratulations to Hezbollah Secretary-General Sheikh Naim Qassem, all the brave fighters, and the steadfast people of Lebanon. Your resistance and weapons are a source of dignity and honor.

@PressTV
Iran's Army Ground Forces Commander General Ali Jahanshahi: 

🔺 The Army Ground Forces, with their operational capability, modern equipment, and skilled, motivated personnel, are fully prepared to confront any enemy ground threats.

🔺 Army played an important role in the victory of the Islamic Revolution and responded to the call of the founder of the Islamic Republic Imam Khomeini while serving the people. However, in the early days of the revolution, some enemies and misguided individuals called for the dissolution of the army, a move opposed by Imam Khomeini (RA), who recognized its importance.

🔺 Over the past 47 years since the revolution, the army has spared no effort in defending the Islamic Republic, demonstrating its loyalty to Islam and the revolution, notably during the imposed wars on the country.

@PressTV
Gathering held at site of failed US military operation in central Iran

@PressTV
"We could end up in prison for defending human rights"

A demonstration was held in Paris to demand the release of students detained for protesting a proposed law intended to criminalize criticism of Zionism.

@PressTV
Exclusive: IRGC locked 16 cruise missiles on US warships in Strait of Hormuz before they retreated

🔹In new details of last week's operation in the Strait of Hormuz, Press TV has learned that the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps (IRGC) Navy locked more than a dozen cruise missiles onto aggressive US warships moments before they hastily retreated.

@PressTV

Exclusive: IRGC locked 16 cruise missiles on US warships in Strait of Hormuz before they retreated

🔹In new details of last week's operation in the Strait of Hormuz, Press TV has learned that the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps (IRGC) Navy locked more than a dozen cruise missiles onto aggressive US warships moments before they hastily retreated.

@PressTV
▶️ Watch as US Secretary of War Pete Hegseth reads out a fake Bible verse from the Hollywood blockbuster 'Pulp Fiction' during his sermon at the Pentagon.

@PressTV
📸 "We’ve spent billions on a war that’s taken American lives and achieved none of its goals"

US Senator Mark Warner calls out US President Trump's lies on the illegal war on Iran.

@PressTV
White House launches probe into mysterious disappearances of elite US scientists

The Trump administration has launched a formal inquiry into a baffling string of recent disappearances and sudden deaths involving 10 prominent scientists linked to advanced US military, aerospace, and government research.

@PressTV
📸 A mild 4.1 magnitude earthquake rocks the Iranian capital, Tehran.

@PressTV
📸 Iran's Deputy Foreign Minister Saeed Khatibzadeh meets with Nechirvan Barzani, President of Iraq's Kurdistan Region, on the sidelines of the Antalya Diplomacy Summit in Turkey.

@PressTV
▶️ Massive pro-Resistance rally underway in the Iraqi city of Karbala.

@PressTV
📸 Iran's Foreign Minister Seyyed Abbas Araghchi says passage for all commercial vessels through the Strait of Hormuz is declared completely open following the ceasefire in Lebanon.

@PressTV
‘Hands on trigger’: IRGC says ready alongside Iran’s Army to counter any aggression

Iran’s Islamic Revolution Guards Corps (IRGC) says it stands ready alongside the Army to deliver a “regret-inducing” response to the US and Israeli regime if they renew their criminal act of aggression against the country.

@PressTV
▶️ Displaced Lebanese civilians cross the Al-Qasimiyeh Bridge, which had been targeted in Israeli airstrikes yesterday, as they return to their homes in southern Lebanon following the ceasefire.

@PressTV
📸 Oil prices plummet following Iran's announcement that it will open the Strait of Hormuz following the Lebanese ceasefire.

@PressTV

 NEW: Brave fishermen from Bushehr Province retell their story of how they sailed 8-9 hours through open sea towards Farsi Island in the Persian Gulf, to rescue dozens of Iranian air defense personnel that had been severely wounded by U.S. strikes on the Island

The fishermen ignored multiple warnings from U.S. Navy vessels and the U.S. Air Force, which threatened to strike their boats.

@Middle_East_Spectator
— 🇮🇷/🇸🇾 Syrian President, Ahmad Al-Sharaa: 

‘Despite having negative experiences with Iran during its past 14 years of supporting the previous regime (Assad), we were not a party to any side during this conflict against Iran and the current war.

We were pushing for this war not to break out in the first place, because Iran is a country of almost 85 million people and any harm that befalls Iran from the inside would also have an effect on the region as a whole.

We are pushing for this to be a stable and peaceful region, and to solve issues through diplomacy, and not fall into major conflicts and wars.’

@Middle_East_Spectator
— 🇸🇾/🇮🇱 Syrian President, Ahmad Al-Sharaa:

‘Any country's recognition of Israel's claim to the occupied Golan Heights is invalid and illegal because this is a right belonging to the Syrian people.

The Golan is Syrian land. It is not for any state to give away or recognize.

More than 134 countries from around the world recognize that the Golan Heights are unequivocally Syrian territory, occupied by Israel.’

@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇮🇱/🇮🇷 NEW: Israel’s official government plane, ‘Wings of Zion’, returns to Israel after taking shelter in Germany since the outbreak of the war with Iran

@Middle_East_Spectator
 — A Pakistani source involved in U.S.–Iran mediation told Reuters that backchannel diplomacy has made progress, with an upcoming meeting potentially leading to a memorandum of understanding and a broader deal within 60 days.

 The source said both sides "agree in principle."

 Pakistan’s army chief Asim Munir has been in Tehran since Wednesday and has helped make progress on key sticking points.
— 🇺🇸/🇮🇷 NEW: There are reports, especially from Pakistani sources, that a memorandum of understanding between Iran and the U.S. is close

It could be true, but I would urge caution when dealing with such reports. Pakistan, as the mediator, has a direct interest in giving negotiations a positive spin. We’ve seen before that skepticism in Tehran persists.

Some (semi-reliable) sources even claimed that the ceasefire in Lebanon was declared after Iran issued an ultimatum to the U.S., revealing more tension underneath the surface than meets the eye.

In any case, there is no issue with a diplomatic solution or an MoU — but it should be according to Iran’s 10-points and preserve Iran’s national interests, as the SNSC has explicitly stated. 

@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇮🇱/ NEW: Six Israeli soldiers were injured by the detonation of an explosive device in southern Lebanon, two in serious condition

Israel claims Hezbollah violated the ceasefire, but it was likely an IED trap placed several days ago.

@Middle_East_Spectator

Hillel Baiton Rosen quoted an Israeli source to "Channel 14":

Starting from midnight, a ten-day ceasefire will come into effect, with our forces remaining deployed deep inside the territory of southern Lebanon.
As in Gaza and as in Lebanon before Operation "Lion's Roar", we will act not only against the existing threat, but also against any emerging threat, and we will attack it immediately. If the Lebanese government does not proceed to dismantle Hezbollah operationally within the next ten days, we will do it ourselves with great force once the deadline expires."

The same source added:
"There is a price to pay for the partnership with Trump, and this request, among other things, is to allow the Americans to negotiate 'with a clear mind' with the Iranians.
The war of resistance... has not ended, and we are likely to return to attacking in Iran and Lebanon in the near future."

ــــــــــــــ

📲 Bin Jbeil's WhatsApp channel
https://whatsapp.com/channel/0029VaG3H3R8fewmfDqRKX0Q
Behold the Zionist Shock!👇🏻

Below are statements from Israeli enemy officials, journalists, and analysts reflecting Israeli entity disappointment over the ceasefire:

Channel 14: Cabinet ministers are angry because they are receiving details of the negotiations through social media.

Gili Cohen – "Kan" (public broadcaster): How far have we fallen as a "disorderly state"? Cabinet ministers were urgently convened for a phone discussion on the ceasefire… because Trump had already tweeted.

Tamir Morag – Channel 14: The way President Trump announced the ceasefire was embarrassing for Israel. It was clear that Israel's interest was to continue fighting against Hezbollah.

Avigdor Lieberman, opposition leader (Yisrael Beiteinu): "The ceasefire in Lebanon is a betrayal of the residents of the north. The war must not end without a decisive outcome and the elimination of Hezbollah; this October 7 government has learned nothing."

Moshe Davidovich, head of the Mateh Asher Regional Council and head of the Frontline Forum: "Agreements are signed in Washington's corridors, but the price is paid here in blood; destroyed homes and shattered communities in Mateh Asher and along the entire frontline."

Moriah Asraf – Israeli enemy Army Radio: "Trump announced the ceasefire 15 minutes earlier. There is no official announcement from the Israeli government. What is happening?"

Ariel Kahane – Israel Hayom: Donald Trump's move reflects a double submission to Iran: Trump is aligning with Iran's linking of the war in its territory to Lebanon. He is leaving one of Iran's arms alive, active, and dangerous.

Head of the "Mevoot Hermon" Council: "Hezbollah is still strong and waiting for us… the Galilee is being emptied of its residents, and we are being led by Trump's whims."

i24 News (Israeli enemy TV channel): "A more alarming development is that Iran itself informed the Americans that it wants to see a ceasefire in Lebanon, in order to advance negotiations between Tehran and Washington. What is happening amounts to a gift to Tehran at the expense of the northern settlements."

Member of Knesset Chili Tropper: "Residents of the northern settlements, like all Israelis, received news of the ceasefire via the U.S. President's tweet, not from the cabinet, nor from Netanyahu, nor from leaders who should have addressed the public and told the truth."

Channel 13 (Israeli sources): "The ceasefire in Lebanon was imposed on Israel."

Suleiman Maswadeh – "Kan": "In an embarrassing scene for the Israeli government, the emergency cabinet meeting ended without a vote because some ministers were unable to join the call. Netanyahu is trying to contain the situation by calling for another round of talks shortly, leaving Trump's agreement procedurally unresolved inside Israel."

Guy Peleg – Channel 12: David Azoulay, head of the Metula Council, responding to the ceasefire in the north: "Residents of the north feel once again that they have been betrayed. We felt it during the 'Iron Swords' war, and we feel it again today. The fact that the U.S. President announced the ceasefire only highlights the distance between the Israeli Prime Minister and the people in the north and their reality."

Yedioth Ahronoth: "Netanyahu rejected a request by members of the security cabinet to vote on the ceasefire decision in Lebanon."
'Proud to be Iranian' - Ehsan Safarnejad explains Iranian 'ceasefire' and Iranian strategy 

You can watch the interview here.

🔸 Follow @PoliticalAficionado on:
Twitter | YouTube | Telegram | UpScrolled
I do not see a ceasefire...anywhere.
I see a regrouping.
I see thousands of U.S. soldiers being shipped to the region in an attempt to try infiltrating again where they already failed last time.
I see Zionist Israel claiming to stop aerial bombardment against Lebanon but clear as day attempting to gain grounds during this hasty ceasefire when it miserably failed otherwise.
But..I also see the IRGC locked and loaded.
And I see Hezbollah resistance steadfast and ready more than ever to rub the nose of the occupation in southern Lebanese dirt, if they as much as peep their heads.
I see dark days ahead but certainly, I see the light of victory at the end of this tunnel of colonialism and occupation.


drudge headlines : 

IRAN: STRAIT OPEN
TRUMP: $20B CASH REWARD
OIL PRICE PLUNGE
FRIDAY RELIEF!
CUBA IN MAY?


Trump draws Marie Antoinette comparisons as he leans into gilded trappings of presidency...
Will The Don Pardon Ghislaine Maxwell? Her Lawyer Thinks So...
TWO YEARS FOR WORLD TO RECOVER FROM ENERGY SHORTAGE?

GAS THEFT RISING: 'DRILLING AND DRAINING'...
REBUKE: Judge blocks above-ground construction of White House ballroom...

Unpopular arch appears poised to move forward...
Global travel surging, but tourists aren't coming to USA...
XANAX Recalled Nationwide Over Dosage Concerns...


The next great tech leap may be built on videos of people folding laundry...
As World Looks at Iran, NKorea Accelerates Its Nuclear-Weapons Program...
The dreams that indicate you're about to DIE?

	


Xi Welcomes Slew of World Leaders as Trump Fights Allies...

Steps Up Outreach to Italy During The Don's Rift With Meloni...


Global leftist leaders gather in Spain to mobilize against far right...
At Cuba's Bay of Pigs, victory against U.S. invaders stirs pride, fresh parallels...
Administration embraces quest to stamp out the events of Jan. 6...
RFK JR CUT OFF DEAD RACCOON'S PENIS...

Shaking Health Sec. Sparks Health Fears...
ICE DIRECTOR RESIGNS...

Immigrant Labor Crisis Causing Texas to Rethink Work Permits...
STUDY: Watching 'Food Porn' CURBS Cravings?
Scientist claims the universe has SEVEN dimensions...
Mexico masculinity summit plows ahead after public funding backlash...

MYSTERY OF THE GOVT SCIENTISTS...

11 NOW DEAD OR MISSING...

NUKE SECRETS AND UFOS?
Researchers eye Down syndrome fix via advanced gene editing...
Group claims to have dropped radioactive material on Israeli embassy...


The Influencers Normalizing NOT Having Sex...
Foods that Alzheimer's experts want you to cut back on...
Musicians Manufacturing Sold-Out Shows...
Some states will go from record heat to freeze -- thanks to Alaska...

