heres the feed as of right now 9 am chilean time : United States President Donald J. Trump, a  non-denominational Protestant, calls Pope Leo XIV, the head of the Roman Catholic Church as "weak and Liberal":Pope Leo is WEAK on Crime, and terrible for Foreign Policy. 

He talks about “fear” of the Trump Administration, but doesn’t mention the FEAR that the Catholic Church, and all other Christian Organizations, had during COVID when they were arresting priests, ministers, and everybody else, for holding Church Services, even when going outside, and being ten and even twenty feet apart. 

I like his brother Louis much better than I like him, because Louis is all MAGA. 

He gets it, and Leo doesn’t! I don’t want a Pope who thinks it’s OK for Iran to have a Nuclear Weapon.

I don’t want a Pope who thinks it’s terrible that America attacked Venezuela, a Country that was sending massive amounts of Drugs into the United States and, even worse, emptying their prisons, including murderers, drug dealers, and killers, into our Country.

And I don’t want a Pope who criticizes the President of the United States because I’m doing exactly what I was elected, IN A LANDSLIDE, to do, setting Record Low Numbers in Crime, and creating the Greatest Stock Market in History.

Leo should be thankful because, as everyone knows, he was a shocking surprise.

He wasn’t on any list to be Pope, and was only put there by the Church because he was an American, and they thought that would be the best way to deal with President Donald J. Trump.

If I wasn’t in the White House, Leo wouldn’t be in the Vatican. 

Unfortunately, Leo’s Weak on Crime, Weak on Nuclear Weapons, does not sit well with me, nor does the fact that he meets with Obama Sympathizers like David Axelrod, a LOSER from the Left, who is one of those who wanted churchgoers and clerics to be arrested. 

Leo should get his act together as Pope, use Common Sense, stop catering to the Radical Left, and focus on being a Great Pope, not a Politician.

It’s hurting him very badly and, more importantly, it’s hurting the Catholic Church! 

President DONALD J. TRUMP
@BellumActaNews


 — United States President Donald J. Trump, a non-denominational Protestant, about Pope Leo XIV: "I don't think he's doing a very good job. 

He likes crime, I guess...
I'm not a big fan of Pope Leo. 
He's a very liberal person — and he's a man that doesn't believe in stopping crime."
@BellumActaNews


>mfw GOP is the Know-nothing party 2.0 all over again because the Pope said somethings to Italian Press that Trump disliked

 — Head of the Hungarian Opposition and soon-to-be Prime-Minister, Peter Magyar says he will visit Poland as part of his first trip as Prime-Minister of Hungary:We will renew and put on a strong foundation, and if possible, expand, the cooperation of the Visegrád Four.

In this spirit, my first trip will be to Poland, to strengthen the thousand-year-old Polish-Hungarian friendship. 

My second trip will lead to Vienna, and the third to Brussels, so that we can bring home the EU funds that the Hungarian people are entitled to.
@BellumActaNews

 — Hungarian Parliamentary Elections Update

Processing: 98.93%

Results of the list voting:

— Fidesz–KDNP (led by outgoing Prime Minister Viktor Orbán): 38.43%
— TISZA (led by Péter Magyar): 53.07%
— Mi Hazánk (MH): 5.83%
— DK: 1.16%
— MKKP: 0.82%The Global Eye | Subscribe
Free Ben Roberts-Smith

 — Indonesia and the U.S. are in talks on an agreement to grant U.S. military aircraft access to Indonesian airspace, according to Indonesia's Defense Minister.

 — URGENT: According to Israeli Channel 12, the Israeli army has been instructed to secure as many objectives as possible in Lebanon if operations are halted ahead of upcoming talks in Washington.The directive is seen as an effort to maximize pressure and gain leverage on the ground before any potential diplomatic pause. Israeli forces are focusing their operations against Hezbollah positions across southern Lebanon, with the possibility of strikes extending to Beirut as well.

 — IRGC Navy published a radio communication they had with USS Frank E. Petersen Jr. (DDG-121) while passing the strait of Hormuz on April 11, 2026.

 — The Philippines National Security Council says Communist China has poured cyanide in the waters around the Spratly Islands (Nansha Islands) in the South China Sea, accusing PRC of "sabotage"@BellumActaNews

 — Mark Hammond, Australia's new Defense Chief, declares that the Australian Navy is ready to deploy to the Strait of Hormuz if requested

Mark Hammond said the force remained prepared for such a mission, but no request had been made.“The navy is ready as it ever has been,” he said. “The question of a contribution is one consideration by the Australian government, should they receive a request. And there’s been no such request.”

@BellumActaNews

 — Pope Leo XIV has just arrived in Algeria for a historic visit, welcomed by Algerian President Abdelmadjid Tebboune@BellumActaNews

 — The pope calls for "forgiveness" before the monument to the martyrs of Algiers, where those who died in the war of independence against France are honored@BellumActaNews

 — Pope Leo XIV in front of the monument to the martyrs of Algiers:"Our presence here pays tribute to this history of Algeria and to the very spirit of a people who fought for the independence, dignity, and sovereignty of this Nation,"

 — President of France's Reconquête Party, Eric Zemmour on the Hungarian elections:Orban's defeat is neither an ideological defeat nor a political defeat.

His victorious rival comes from the same party. He is neither left-wing nor centrist. All those in France who try to claim him for themselves only cover themselves in ridicule.

During his campaign, he never challenged Orban's refusal of any immigration. He announced that he would reject, just like him, the European pacts that seek to impose migrants on Hungarian soil.

The future will tell us whether he keeps his campaign promises and whether he continues to be the defender of his country's sovereignty.

Peter Magyar won by opposing the ruling power on cronyism and corruption.

But he confirms all of Orban's positions on the defense of European civilization. Orban has certainly saved his country from migrant invasion and the woke delusions of the European Commission.

After being treated as a dictator by all Western media, he leaves power after a defeat at the ballot box. Like a democrat.

He has well deserved Hungary.

#BREAKING |    — Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says "the ceasefire with Iran could end quickly".The Global Eye | Subscribe
🌲 - 🇮🇱🇱🇧 IDF: Israeli forces have taken control of Bint Jbeil’s stadium, with the 98th Division commander saying troops are operating in the area, destroying infrastructure and killing Hezbollah operatives, while referencing Hassan Nasrallah’s 2000 speech at the site.

 — Chairwoman of the Young Christian Democrats (KDU), the youth wing of the Swedish Christian Democrats, which is part of the ruling Coalition in Sweden, announces she met with Iranian Crown Prince Reza Pahlavi at the RiksdagJavid shah! 

Had the privilege of meeting Crown Prince Reza Pahlavi. KDU and I stand with Pahlavi and the Iranian people in their fight for freedom!
@BellumActaNews


 — National Chairman of the Sweden's Moderate Party Youth Association, the youth wing of the ruling Moderate Party, Douglas Thor, announces he met with Iranian Crown Prince Reza Pahlavi at the Riksdag:Long live the Shah! ☀️

Today I met Crown Prince Reza Pahlavi. I conveyed MUFs and Swedish youth's support for his plan for a free Iran. 

He humbly wanted to thank for the support, understand the role of youth leagues in Swedish democracy, and urged continued struggle. 

A free Iran is important for the whole world, but particularly important for Sweden. We are one of the countries most vulnerable to the Iranian regime's terrorism and Islamization. If the regime falls, we too will become freer.

The path there is not obvious, but the most realistic path there is obviously via Reza Pahlavi's plan to lead a transitional government to democracy.

The rallying behind Pahlavi is not a call for a king, but a call for the current best path to a free, secular, and democratic Iran.

Therefore, we in MUF say: Javid Shah
@BellumActaNews

 —  Israel's official page about the ongoing Peace talks with Lebanon:
⚡️🇧🇭🇺🇸🇮🇷 Bahrain’s Crown Prince Salman bin Hamad Al Khalifa, who is also deputy supreme commander of the armed forces and prime minister, met with U.S. Central Command chief Admiral Brad Cooper to discuss strengthening strategic partnership in military and defence fields. 

The Crown Prince highlighted the historic role of bilateral ties in deterring Iranian attacks. The two also reviewed regional developments.@wfwitness

🔴 Leader of the Islamic Movement in Nigeria Sheikh Zakzaky:🔺 The Strait of Hormuz and Bab al-Mandab are not unclaimed waters, they belong to the nations of Iran and Yemen.🔺 We urge the aggressors to pull back, admit defeat, and abandon any plans for further attacks.@PressTV
US-Israeli aggression: 960 people rescued alive from under rubble in Tehran  

The Iranian Red Crescent Society (IRCS) says it successfully rescued 960 people alive from under the rubble in Tehran caused by the US-Israeli airstrikes during the 40-day war of aggression against the country.@PressTV
‘Unhinged & unchristian’: Global outrage erupts after Trump attacks Pope, poses as Jesus

A massive firestorm of international condemnation erupted on Orthodox Easter Monday after President Donald Trump launched a vicious attack on Pope Leo XIV and shared an image of himself depicted as Jesus Christ.@PressTV

Tehran police arrested a suspect in a raid after receiving reports of illegal weapons storage in the eastern part of the city, seizing a large cache of firearms, grenades, and military-grade ammunition.@PressTV
Iran restores key rail links after damage caused by US-Israeli assaults

Iran has restored train services in East Azarbaijan Province after repairing the damage caused by US-Israeli strikes, says the director general of railways in the northwestern Iranian province.@PressTV

Children’s shoes were displayed at Amsterdam’s Dam Square during a memorial protest on April 12, honoring Gaza’s children killed by Israel and highlighting the scale of their loss.@PressTV
🔴 Iran’s Acting Minister of Defense Brigadier General Seyyed Majid Ibn Reza: 🔺 We are ready for any scenario, and the armed forces are on maximum combat alert.🔺 Any act of aggression or provocation by the enemy will be met with a harsh and decisive response.@PressTV
US Senator Chris Murphy calls Trump's Iran naval blockade threat "dumb and a tragic mistake":

So now WE are closing the Strait. This is - just in case you were wondering - as dumb as it sounds. 

It’s a classic case of one tragic mistake begetting another because of out of control hubris and pride.@PressTV
🎤Conversation: Islamabad talks failed because US tried to win at table what it couldn't on battlefield: Ex-diplomat

The high-stakes negotiations in Islamabad collapsed because Washington attempted to extract at the diplomatic table the exact concessions it fundamentally failed to secure during its grueling 40-day war against Iran, says an analyst. @PressTV
"They don't even have the population to have an army"👉 The money Persian Gulf Arab countries earn from exporting oil is used to buy US weapons, which are junk because these regimes cannot use them; they only buy the weapons to ultimately purchase influence, says Mohammad Marandi.@Unscripted_PTV
Iran’s embassy in New Delhi, India, showcased drawings made by students who were martyred in the US-Israeli attack on a school in Minab.@PressTV
🔴 A fresh rocket barrage was fired from Lebanon, setting off air-raid sirens in Nahariya, nearby areas, and several settlements in northern occupied Palestine.@PressTV
Iran's President Pezeshkian condemns Trump's vicious attack on Pope Leo XIV:

Your Excellency Pope Louis XIV, on behalf of the great nation of Iran, I condemn the insult to Your Excellency and declare that the desecration of Jesus (peace be upon him), the Prophet of peace and brotherhood, is unacceptable to any free person. I wish glory for you from Allah.@PressTV
One Israeli settler was reportedly injured after a rocket hit a home in Nahariya, in northern occupied Palestine.@PressTV

So the “Trump Jesus” post was already made on February 4 by Nick Adams, whom Trump appointed as Special Presidential Envoy for American Tourism, Exceptionalism, and Values.

The only difference is that in Nick’s post, the “angel soldier” above Trump looks “normal” (as much as AI slop can look normal), while in Trump’s post it looks more like some “AI demon.” @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising

🇭🇺🇷🇺Peter Magyar, who won the elections in Hungary, announced that he would negotiate with Putin - in particular, about energy supplies."We will have to sit down at the negotiating table with the Russian president. The geographical position of neither Russia nor Hungary will change. Our energy dependence on Russia will also remain. We will negotiate" 

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising

🇺🇦🇭🇺 The Ukrainian Foreign Ministry removed the recommendation for their citizens not to travel to Hungary @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising

🇷🇺Due to developments in the Middle East, European farmers are being forced to switch to fertilizers from North Africa, North America, and Russia - the Russian Security Council 

If the current trajectory of the Middle East conflict persists through the summer, the world could face the largest surge in global food inflation in recent years. @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising

🇹🇷🇬🇷🇮🇱 Turkish Foreign Minister Hakan Fidan on Greece-Israel relations:We see that Greece is pursuing highly risky policies here.

There are very interesting aspects in Greece attempting to follow a type of policy that no other country in Europe is pursuing on its own.
Neither Greece nor Southern Cyprus needs military cooperation with Israel.

Greece is already a member of NATO, and Southern Cyprus has the backing of the EU.

What strategic logic could justify seeking this kind of cooperation is something they cannot explain to me either.

This is most likely an imposition on the government made under external pressure.
 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising

🇷🇺🇭🇺 We respect the choice of the Hungarian people - Peskov

"We expect to continue our very pragmatic contacts with the new leadership of Hungary. We have heard statements, especially about the readiness to engage in dialogue," - said the presidential press secretary. 

Peskov noted that it is necessary to observe the actions of the new leadership of Hungary. @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
⚡️Pope Leo XIV on Trump: "I don't think that the message of the Gospel is meant to be abused in the way that some people are doing. I will continue to speak out loudly against war"

🇺🇸 Iranian Embassy in Thailand wins the shit posting game. @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising

🇻🇦🇺🇸 "I have no fear of the Trump administration or speaking out loudly of the message of the Gospel, which is what I believe I am here to do, what the Church is here to do." - Pope Leo XIV @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising

🇪🇺🇭🇺 "The people of Hungary have spoken, and they have reclaimed their European path." - Reich Gauleitierin von der Leyen  @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising

🇷🇺🇭🇺Hungary is an unfriendly country - Peskov answering a question about whether the Kremlin will not congratulate Peter Magyar on his victory.We do not send congratulations to unfriendly countries. And Hungary is an unfriendly country, it supports sanctions against us


At the same time, he noted that Russia is interested in building good relations with Hungary, as with all European countries. @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising

🇷🇺🇺🇦 Russia is targeting Ukrainian mobile air-defense teams using coordinated Geran drone strikes. @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising

🇭🇺 "Viktor Orbán played such a five-dimensional chess game, and this was probably one of the reasons for his defeat, among others. 

He talked about everything: Ukraine, Russia, Iran, the Iranian Shah, the Iranian Ayatollah, the US presidential election. 

Probably, if he had been woken from his sleep, he would have said that he won the US presidential election, not Donald Trump. 

Viktor Orbán talked about everything except for the problems affecting the Hungarian people." - Peter Magyar @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising


🇭🇺 "We will refrain from interfering in the domestic affairs of any other country.

We ask the same of all countries for Hungary." - Peter Magyar  @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising

🇭🇺🇷🇺🇨🇳Péter Magyar:The Kremlin has spoken, and Beijing has spoken. I thank them for their respectful acceptance of the decision of the Hungarian electorate, the Hungarian people, and they are also open to pragmatic cooperation, just as Hungary is, because geography is geography.
 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising

🇺🇸 The USS George H.W. Bush (CVN-77) has crossed the Strait of Gibraltar.

It is now the third U.S. aircraft carrier entering the Iran theater. @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising

🇭🇺 Péter Magyar calls for Hungary's President to resign saying that he didn't say a word when thousands of Hungarian children were abused by pedophiles @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising

Bloomberg: Saudi oil sales to China are expected to fall by half as prices rise due to the Strait of Hormuz crisis. @alsaa_plus_EN

⚡️🇮🇱 — Channel 12 Israel: Damage to a factory in the Dalton area in northern Israel as a result of fragments from an intercepted drone from Lebanon yesterday. @alsaa_plus_EN

🇮🇱⚡️🇱🇧 — Israeli Energy Minister: If the Lebanese government does not dismantle Hezbollah, then it is time to target Lebanon’s infrastructure. @alsaa_plus_EN

🇮🇷⚡️🇮🇱 — Iranian government spokesperson Fatemeh Mohajerani: We desire peace and have proven that in practice, but we are facing a Zionist entity that does not adhere to any red lines. @alsaa_plus_EN

🇺🇸⚡️🇮🇷 — Ali Nikzad, Deputy Speaker of Iran’s Parliament: The Americans did not come to take pilots from Isfahan; they came to take uranium and failed.
 @alsaa_plus_EN

🇲🇨🇺🇸⚡️ — Indonesian Defense Minister: Indonesia and the United States are discussing an agreement to grant U.S. military aircraft access to Indonesian airspace.

 @alsaa_plus_EN

🇮🇷⚡️🇮🇱 — Israeli Ministry of Health: 7,693 Israelis have been injured since the beginning of the war, including 104 who are still receiving treatment in hospitals.

 @alsaa_plus_EN

🇺🇸🇮🇱⚡️🇮🇷 — Iranian Ministry of Education: 278 students and 67 teachers have been killed as a result of the American-Israeli aggression.

 @alsaa_plus_EN

🇮🇷⚡️ — Spokesperson for Iran’s Khatam al-Anbiya Central Headquarters: 
Security in the ports of the Persian Gulf and the Sea of Oman must either be for everyone or for no one.

 @alsaa_plus_EN

🇵🇸⚡️ Press Statement issued by the Palestinian Liberation Movement:

We condemn in the strongest terms the storming of Al-Aqsa Mosque this morning by the extremist war criminal Ben Gvir, considering it a flagrant challenge to Muslims and an explicit call for religious war.

The closure of Al-Aqsa Mosque for forty days, and the insistence of Zionist extremist leaders on desecrating it by storming under Zionist security protection, is a systematic criminal act aimed at imposing new facts through temporal and spatial division for complete control, paving the way for its demolition and the construction of their alleged temple on its ruins.

The occupation's crimes against Jerusalem and Al-Aqsa Mosque, and their religious and Islamic significance, require urgent Arab, Islamic, and international action to deter the occupation and its extremist settler gangs from their Talmudic schemes and desecration, to protect it from Judaization, and to preserve its national and Islamic character.

We call upon our Palestinian people to journey to, remain in, and attain martyrdom on the thresholds of Al-Aqsa Mosque, in defense of its Islamic sanctity as the first Qibla and third holiest site, and as a message to the world about the importance of Al-Aqsa Mosque and its creedal value for Muslims. @alsaa_plus_EN

🇨🇺⚡️🇺🇸 — Cuban President Miguel Díaz-Canel comments on Trump’s threats to invade Cuba:Whoever tries to take over Cuba will reap its blood-soaked land, if they do not perish in the attempt.
 @alsaa_plus_EN

🇨🇺⚡️ — Cuban President Miguel Díaz-Canel:If the time comes, we will defend ourselves.

And if it comes to death, we will die.
 @alsaa_plus_EN


🇨🇺⚡️ — Cuban President Miguel Díaz-Canel:I fear nothing. I am ready to sacrifice my life for the revolution.

Removing one person will solve nothing. There are hundreds ready to take responsibility.
 @alsaa_plus_EN

🇮🇱⚡️🇱🇧 — Israeli army: We have completed the encirclement of the city of Bint Jbeil in southern Lebanon, and our forces have begun launching an attack on it. @alsaa_plus_EN

🇺🇸⚡️🇮🇷 — Iran has rejected a U.S. request to stop financial and military support for Hezbollah, Ansar Allah, and Hamas during the latest negotiations.–Reuters @alsaa_plus_EN

⚡️Spain's Ambassador to Tehran: Reopening the embassy in the Iranian capital to contribute to peace efforts. @alsaa_plus_EN

 Till now also Hezbollah continues to launch missile and drone barrages towards Israel @alsaa_plus_EN

 Israeli media: Hebrew Channel 12: “Since the ceasefire with Iran, more than 400 missiles have been launched from Lebanon, including 71 launches on Kiryat Shmona, which also suffered direct strikes.” @alsaa_plus_EN


Anger is spreading across Kuwait after the Kuwaiti authorities revoked the citizenship of 2,182 individuals, along with their families, and anyone who acquired it through dependency, despite the fact that they were born and have lived their entire lives in Kuwait. The decision will strip a person of their most basic rights: work, education, healthcare, and other services, opening the door to real humanitarian crises for entire families who are being pushed into the unknown. @alsaa_plus_EN

Trump posted this @alsaa_plus_EN

 Very violent fierce clashes are taking place in Bint Jbeil between Hezbollah and Israeli Army @alsaa_plus_EN

 Nonstop violent Israeli bombardment happening at Southern Lebanon @alsaa_plus_EN

Iraqi university students celebrate their graduation in a unique way @alsaa_plus_EN

 War Media of the Islamic Resistance - Summary of Operations on Monday, 13/04/2026:

In defense of Lebanon and its people, and in response to the enemy's violation of the ceasefire agreement and repeated attacks on southern villages, after the resistance committed to the ceasefire while the enemy did not, the Islamic Resistance carried out a series of operations.

Key operations included:

• 09:45 – Heavy missile barrage targeting the Metula site.
• 10:55 – Missile barrage and drone swarm targeting an enemy troop gathering in Moshav Avivim settlement.
• 11:00 – Drone swarm targeting Al-Oweida hill in the border town of Al-Adisa, causing a fire at the site.
• 11:05 – Drone swarm targeting Kiryat Shmona barracks.
• 11:15 – Drone swarm targeting Avivim barracks.
• 11:45 – Drone swarm targeting an enemy troop gathering in Shomera settlement.

The resistance confirmed that this response will continue until the American-Israeli aggression on Lebanon and its people stops.#Battle_of_the_Devouring_Storm#In_Defense_of_Lebanon_and_Its_People#War_Media @alsaa_plus_EN

NEW: Trump posts an image of the Trump Tower on the moon@Middle_East_Spectator

Goodnight, I’ll be back tomorrow on ‘Blockade Day’.
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷 Spokesperson of the Khatam Al-Anbiyaa Central Headquarters, Ibrahim Zolfaqari:

– Defending Iran’s territorial waters is a national responsibility.

– As has been previously announced, enemy-affiliated vessels do not and will not have the right to pass through the Strait of Hormuz. Other vessels will continue to be allowed to pass in accordance with the regulations of the IRGC Navy.

– Iran will resolutely implement a permanent mechanism to control the Strait of Hormuz. 

– The Armed Forces of the Islamic Republic of Iran clearly and firmly declare that the security of ports in the Persian Gulf and the Sea of ​​Oman is either for everyone or for no one.

– If the security of the ports of the Islamic Republic of Iran in the waters of the Persian Gulf and the Sea of ​​Oman is threatened, no port in the Persian Gulf and the Sea of ​​Oman will be safe.@Middle_East_Spectator

—❗️🇮🇱/🇱🇧/ NEW: The IDF announces it has completed the encirclement of Bint Jbeil in southern Lebanon@Middle_East_Spectator

🇺🇸⚡️🇮🇷 — Iran has rejected a U.S. request to stop financial and military support for Hezbollah, Ansar Allah, and Hamas during the latest negotiations.–Reuters @alsaa_plus_EN

⚡️Spain's Ambassador to Tehran: Reopening the embassy in the Iranian capital to contribute to peace efforts. @alsaa_plus_EN

 Till now also Hezbollah continues to launch missile and drone barrages towards Israel @alsaa_plus_EN

 Israeli media: Hebrew Channel 12: “Since the ceasefire with Iran, more than 400 missiles have been launched from Lebanon, including 71 launches on Kiryat Shmona, which also suffered direct strikes.” @alsaa_plus_EN



Anger is spreading across Kuwait after the Kuwaiti authorities revoked the citizenship of 2,182 individuals, along with their families, and anyone who acquired it through dependency, despite the fact that they were born and have lived their entire lives in Kuwait. The decision will strip a person of their most basic rights: work, education, healthcare, and other services, opening the door to real humanitarian crises for entire families who are being pushed into the unknown. @alsaa_plus_EN

Trump posted this @alsaa_plus_EN

 Very violent fierce clashes are taking place in Bint Jbeil between Hezbollah and Israeli Army @alsaa_plus_EN

 Nonstop violent Israeli bombardment happening at Southern Lebanon @alsaa_plus_EN

Iraqi university students celebrate their graduation in a unique way @alsaa_plus_EN

 War Media of the Islamic Resistance - Summary of Operations on Monday, 13/04/2026:

In defense of Lebanon and its people, and in response to the enemy's violation of the ceasefire agreement and repeated attacks on southern villages, after the resistance committed to the ceasefire while the enemy did not, the Islamic Resistance carried out a series of operations.

Key operations included:

• 09:45 – Heavy missile barrage targeting the Metula site.
• 10:55 – Missile barrage and drone swarm targeting an enemy troop gathering in Moshav Avivim settlement.
• 11:00 – Drone swarm targeting Al-Oweida hill in the border town of Al-Adisa, causing a fire at the site.
• 11:05 – Drone swarm targeting Kiryat Shmona barracks.
• 11:15 – Drone swarm targeting Avivim barracks.
• 11:45 – Drone swarm targeting an enemy troop gathering in Shomera settlement.

The resistance confirmed that this response will continue until the American-Israeli aggression on Lebanon and its people stops.#Battle_of_the_Devouring_Storm#In_Defense_of_Lebanon_and_Its_People#War_Media @alsaa_plus_EN

trump posts : Donald J. Trump


@realDonaldTrump
·
5h
Trump brilliantly calls Iran’s bluff — with his own Strait of Hormuz blockade: nypost.com/2026/04/12/opinion/

Donald J. Trump


@realDonaldTrump
·
6h
Appeals court rules Trump’s White House ballroom construction can move forward until April 17: justthenews.com/government/cou


Donald J. Trump


@realDonaldTrump
·
6h
Impeachment Bombshell: Secret memos expose Ukraine accuser’s bias, hearsay, and false claim: justthenews.com/accountability


Donald J. Trump


@realDonaldTrump
·
6h
Swalwell suspends his campaign for California governor amid furor over sex assault allegations: justthenews.com/politics-polic

Donald J. Trump


@realDonaldTrump
·
6h
The Trump card the president holds if Iran won’t bend: a naval blockade: justthenews.com/government/sec



Donald J. Trump


@realDonaldTrump
·
8h
The United States to Blockade Ships Entering or Exiting Iranian Ports on April 13 at 10:00 A.M. ET. Thank you for your attention to this matter! President DJT

1.29k

3.55k

15.4k

and drudge report: 



President Said Other Countries Would Help Blockade. So Far, There Are No Takers...
War tilts world's energy future toward China...
TURKEY THREATENS TO INVADE ISRAEL...
NO FEAR
TRUMP DAMNS POPE
MOCKS JESUS ON 'TRUTH'

JD Vance Can't Stop Losing...Leo vows more critiques after Trump attacks...

MAGA Recoils at President Cosplaying as Christ...

'Gross Blasphemy!'

Cardinal Slams 'Sickening' Posts About War...

Hegseth's Gospel of Carnage...Trump family deal spree opens door for future presidents to profit from office...Brazilian model claims she can 'expose' Melania-Epstein link...In Bet-on-Everything Era, We're All 'Monitoring the Situation'...America's Fastest-Growing County Wonders if 'Paradise' Expanding Too Fast...

America's New Tax Mantra: 'IRS Isn't Going to Catch Me'...From coffee to homes -- costs up!

Surcharges Suddenly EVERYWHERE...

Millionaires don't feel rich...Midterm forecasts for Republicans get even WORSE...

THE END!

MAGA LOSING STREAK CONTINUES...Anxious Parents Spending Upwards of $50,000 to Land Their Kid a Job...Missing nuke official TENTH person tied to dark pattern surrounding US secrets...

World's oldest gorilla celebrates birthday at zoo...

Hollywood Heavyweights Sign Letter Opposing PARAMOUNT Deal for WBD...

More Than 1,000 Writers, Actors, Directors...Britney Spears checks into rehab...Bieber 'Scrollchella' Backlash...Swalwell exits CA gov race after rape allegations...AIRBNB 'sex dungeons' disturbing sleepy suburbs...STUDY: 30-Minute Sauna Session Fires Up Immune System...
