OKAY HERES THE FEED FROM TODAY : Chinese sanctioned tanker PASSES Hormuz DESPITE US blockade — Reuters

Blockade? What blockade?
Israeli state a 'HISTORICAL ABORTION' — Dr Norman Finkelstein

'Jewish experiment with POWER proved to be a DISASTER'

'They deserve A LOT of BLAME'
Iran war disrupts 'recommended fluoride levels' in US water supplies 

Bad thing?
NEW video of Orion SPLASHDOWN — divers crack door open to retrieve astronauts 

Friday 10 April footage from astro_reid
'Netanyahu's knows he won't successfully repress the Lebanese — RESISTANCE WILL PREVAIL' — Dr Finkelstein

'At some point… they’ll SETTLE DOWN as OCCUPIERS'

'They’ll become SITTING TARGETS and then…

...THEN, the FUN BEGINS for the PARTY OF GOD'
TALKS HAVE COLLAPSED — Netanyahu briefed on Iran DAILY by JD Vance

Source: Middle East Eye
Rep Ayanna Pressley goes from BROKE to MULTI MILLIONAIRE while in Congress

2018: - $12,500
2024: $8M in assets

Her official salary is $174 000
'Trump's base support — WHITE working class COLLAPSED' — Megyn Kelly

'Other than Fox News BOOMERS there's NO ONE left'
Kallas pushes for WAR CRIMES tribunal in the UN

Is Nuland coming?
Norman Finkelstein cites Ilya Ehrenburg — COMPARES WITH LEBANON

'Soviet Army marching on Berlin — all trenches, graves, with corps of innocents...

...boots & baby slippers of those murdered & gassed ADVANCING'

'THAT'S HEZBOLLAH — THEY WILL REVENGE THE PEOPLE OF SOUTH LEBANON'
ICE arrest of US CITIZEN probed as kidnapping

ChongLy ‘Scott’ Thao seized Jan 18 — agents smash down door, drag him out at gunpoint in underwear

'Potential case of kidnapping, burglary and false imprisonment' — officials
North Korea 2nd TEST fire of missiles from its NEW naval DESTROYER 'Choe Hyon'

Source: NBC, media: militarytechmedia (footage from first test launch)
Putin's envoy Dmitriev thanks Mario Nawfal 'for pointing out' his forecast

'Wrong EU decisions (rejecting Russian and nuclear energy) as the REAL source of their energy crisis'
'There are those who DENY reality' — Spain's PM Pedro Sánchez speaks in China

'We prefer to focus our efforts on reforming the international order'
Israel conducting massive strike on southern Lebanon

The IDF has targeted the Al Haush area in the Tyre neighborhood
Miami influencer Ashlee Jenae, 31 found DEAD in Tanzania 

Died by SUICIDE after getting ENGAGED on same trip — reportedly

Source: People

Retiring pilot flies DANGEROUSLY LOW over his home town, without permission 

After 40 years flying, Captain Ólafur Bragason, 65, is now under investigation 

Source: ExxAlerts
New trend among Gen Z gym bros — they call their meals ‘boy kibble’

Ground beef, rice and minimal effort, packed in plastic containers — optimized for gym gains 

Old bodybuilding diet, rebranded for TikTok

Footage: harryduhlaw
MIGRANTS used AGAINST MIGRANTS in Greek migrant pushbacks

Testimonies describe masked squads intercepting people, confiscating phones and forcing them back over border

Authorities deny claims — despite growing evidence of illegal pushbacks
Widespread destruction from IDF strikes on Al Haush area in Tyre, LebanonFootage — Field Report 100
Spain's PM Sanchez argues legalizing 600k migrants is beneficial from economic and moral standpoints

We are 'recognizing the rights of those who are already contributing to the prosperity and cohesion of our country'
World’s oldest captive gorilla TURNS 69

Born in 1957, Fatou outlived GENERATIONS

She celebrates her birthday at the Berlin Zoo
School shooting in Turkey's Siverek — at least 18 wounded

An 18-yo gunman stormed a secondary school and opened fire indiscriminately

The attacker took several students hostage and remains inside the building
Moscow court SLAMS Electronic Arts with 2 million ruble fine over data violations

The publisher failed to store Russian citizens' personal data using databases located within Russia

EA is the giant behind  major franchises like Battlefield, Need for Speed, and FIFA games
‘Make Pluto a Planet again’ — 10-year old Kaela writes to NASA

She listed her reasons and backed it up with facts, and even apologized for her handwriting

‘We are looking into this’ — NASA Administrator Jared Isaacman replies
Kim Jong Un observes TESTS of North Korea’s strategic cruise missiles — KCNA

The aim was to check the warship's weapons command ⁠system, verify accuracy and anti-jamming performance of upgraded navigation systems

Turkish school shooter commits suicide during attack — local media 

The body of the former student was discovered inside the building

His motives are under investigation
WARNING: GRAPHIC
Surveillance footage captures gunman storming Turkish school
The attacker is seen shooting a teacher at point-blank range as children flee

So far, no fatalities have been reported

Zelensky dons MASSIVE HIGH-platform sneakers to meet Germany's Chancellor Merz

The higher you climb...

Israeli soldier poses in front of Hezbollah memorial in Bint Jbeil, southern Lebanon

Yesterday the IDF announced the encirclement of the strategic city, saying it would be fully taken within days
Vtuber Camila says BOMBS KILLED HER FAMILY IN LEBANON — BREAKS DOWN LIVE
'I know there was TONS OF CASH'  

Israel's FUNDING of HAMAS with US and Qatar MONEY discussed by Tucker Carlson and journalist Ari Flanzraich  

'Thinking was we keep them happy and fat and they don't bother us… It was part of maintaining status quo'
‘The British seized land and forced Africans into camps — that sparked the Mau Mau rebellion’

‘They targeted colonizers and collaborators — a response to stolen land’ — Prof. PLO Lumumba for RT Africa 

WATCH FULL
Regular American's ‘reality check’ video GOES VIRAL

Same, anyone?
Media massively spread fake news about Turkish President Erdogan alleged threat to 'invade Israel'

Among the outlets are: The Telegraph (already deleted), Jerusalem Post and others

Turkish Centre for Countering Disinformation has officially rejected the false claims

Appears to have been based on statements the Turkish president made in 2024, taken out of context
IDF General Staff observe two-minute siren during Holocaust Remembrance Day by standing in silence
Kremlin believes that economic cooperation between US and Russia can start now

'It is absolutely not necessary to wait for a settlement in Ukraine' — Peskov
Lebanon sets CEASEFIRE as top PRIORITY in Israel talks — Aljazeera

Sources highlight positive US contacts but emphasize that today’s negotiations in Washington will focus strictly on securing a ceasefire first, with all other issues deferred until formal talks advance
Putin personally helped activists find Kremlin icons hidden from Bolsheviks

The president strongly supported the St. Andrew the First-Called Foundation — granting permission to search the historic Spasskaya Tower for walled-up icons and arranging funding for their restoration

Source: Head of the St. Andrew the First-Called Foundation to Mayak
RT EXCLUSIVE from one of the ships in the Strait of Hormuz

'The blockade is affecting many countries. It will affect our FOOD supplies in future. ALL the prices will HIKE definitely' — Raman Kapoor, Cpt of one of the vessels stranded in Hormuz since Feb 28
⚡️ ITALY SUSPENDS DEFENCE AGREEMENT WITH ISRAEL — ANSA

‘Given the current situation, government has decided to suspend automatic renewal of the defense agreement with Israel’, PM Giorgia Meloni announced Tuesday
2016 — Democrat Eric Swalwell poses for a photo in handcuffs

2026 — Swalwell resigns from Congress amid active criminal investigations for sexual assault, potentially facing charges

Crazy foreshadowing
Delta Force vet accused of leaking secrets — now under house arrest

Courtney Williams accused of exposing elite unit tactic, names and ops to journalist over years

Release conditions include no contact with media, no socials, passports surrendered, accounts disclosed to officer
Russian FM Lavrov meets his Chinese counterpart Wang Yi in Beijing

Small talk, firm handshake and straight to work
ASEAN region used to be a place of cooperation, now it is undermined — FM Lavrov

'This is, of course, concerning for Russian Federation, which is a neighbor'
'[Our presidents] guided Russian-Chinese relations forward despite everything and our multifaceted cooperation only became stronger' — China's FM Wang Yi

'We’ve seen increased international turbulence and dramatic shift in global governance. Humanity facing serious challenges'

‘West tried to create Ukraine crisis to inflict strategic defeat on Russia’ — Lavrov

Russian FM warns of new ‘aggressive bloc’ in Europe

He also cites Venezuela and Middle East as signs of global tensions
Italy's Meloni slams Trump's attack on the Pope as 'unacceptable'

'I wouldn't feel comfortable in a society where religious leaders do what political leaders say'
❗️German chancellor tells Ukrainians to return home 

Merz says Berlin will work with Kiev to reduce number of men abroad

Open doors start closing
⚡️ Ukraine criminalizes antisemitism
Up to 5 years in prison for incidents; up to 8 years if committed by a group or causing serious consequences

The law has been adopted on Holocaust Remembrance Day
We are beyond parody at this stage with the Trump card — Alanoud Al Thani, Nonresident Fellow at Middle East Council on Global Affairs

'Trump played his card by blockading the entire Strait... that's going to be a huge shock to the market'
Trump is trying through the blockade to eliminate Iran's tactical advantage of being able to close the strait — Alanoud Al Thani, Nonresident Fellow at Middle East Council on Global Affairs

'Trump does not want Iran to appear to have had any advantages at all'
Century-old church in Quebeс DESTROYED in massive FIRE — journaldequebec

Emergency services were alerted Monday evening. To help firefighters control the flames and prevent further danger, parts of the church were torn down by excavator

Cause of fire has not yet been determined
Most beautiful police officer found in Russia?
Netizens were captivated by a routine police report from Russia's Rostov region

For some reason, nearly every commenter claims they've committed crimes — and are begging the officer in the video to arrest them
SYSTEMIC 'HUMILIATION' — Iran’s VP takes aim at US–Israel ties

After Netanyahu revealed Trump admin briefs him daily:

'Do Americans realize the White House has effectively turned into ‘reporting branch’ for another regime?'
Ukrainian man breaks into FORREST GUMP run in epic escape from Zelensky's men catchers
Young students from a religious Zionist Hesder school sing 'Ani Ma’amin' in memory of Holocaust victims

This morning, they volunteered for combat — and will soon head to Lebanon

Source: Field Report 100
HUGE smoke COVERS SKY as FOREST BURNS in Naples, Florida

The smoke is so THICK — it BLOCKS the sun, triggering evacuation
MOSSAD'S MISSION IS STILL REGIME CHANGE IN IRAN — Mossad chief Barnea stresses despite ceasefire/US-Iran talks

'Our commitment will only be fulfilled when this extremist regime is replaced'
'We condemn insults by the delusional American president against his Highness'

Iranian Christian lawmakers condemn Trump's 'INSULT' to Pope Leo/depicting himself as Jesus

'A blatant attack on humanity' 

Trump later claimed he meant to portray himself as a DOCTOR
Israel destroyed entire town of Al-Khiyam in southern Lebanon within a month — Al Jadeed News
Macron announces 'defensive mission' to open Strait of Hormuz

After call with Iranian and US presidents 

He urges resumption of negotiations and stresses Lebanon must be included in ceasefire
A new round of US–Iran negotiations could take place in Egypt or Turkey

Bloomberg sources say the US and Iran are mulling a second meeting before the ceasefire expires next week
We need to mobilize ourselves now to get through this difficult and uncertain period — Belarussian President Lukashenko

‘Our main slogan — we work to live. Not just to survive, but to live’

‘And what comes next? NO ONE KNOWS WHAT THOSE IN POWER WILL DO’
Philippine president does jumping jacks to shut down health rumors

Ferdinand Marcos Jr, 68, challenges critics to ‘come to the gym’

EU should not abandon sanctions on Russian gas despite global energy crisis — Italian PM Meloni

Meloni disagreed with Eni's head — Italy’ largest oil company — who proposed postponing the Russian LNG import ban amid the Middle East war

The ban is set to take effect in 2027

Source: La Repubblica
China has a robo-dog for your dog

The bot handles the walk — steady pace, no leash, no effort from the owner

However while it’s just a joke — don’t forget to actually walk your dog
Piers Morgan white-knights OF creator as James Fishback threatens 50% of her income as a ‘sin tax’

'Who are you to be the great moral arbiter of what young women do with themselves legally?'
❗️4 KILLED including 3-yo BOY in Israeli STRIKE on Gaza — The Independent

Medics and witnesses report that airstrike in Gaza City on Tuesday set police car on fire

Israeli military have not commented on the incident at this time
'This doesn’t look STAGED, does it?'

DoorDash releases a video montage of grandma Dasher’s delivery to Donald Trump
Armenia will not go to war with Russia — Parliament Speaker

'No matter what the question is, we will not fight'

'We are not preparing any rivalry with Russia'

'Certain issues exist between all countries — we are here to discuss and resolve them'
'[Meloni] DOESN'T CARE if Iran has nuclear weapon and would BLOW UP Italy in two minutes if she had the chance'

Trump SLAMS Italian PM speaking to Corriere

'She just says Italy doesn't want to be involved... thinks US should do the work for her'
Russian woman saves WOLF hit by a car — names it Kulich aka Russia’s Easter cake

The injured animal tried to escape, but got stuck in a lake before being pulled out and taken to safety

Now it’s heading for surgery — with hopes of returning to the wild

Footage: belochkina_m

Israel Defense Minister sets precondition for ending war on Iran:

'Removal of enriched uranium'

Objective 'jointly defined with the US'
Colossal explosions rocket skyward as Israel claims destruction of 'four underground tunnels' in Gaza — IDF footage
Trump’s Fed pick reveals stakes in SpaceX, Polymarket and crypto

Kevin Warsh, nominated by Trump to lead the Fed, has filed financial disclosures showing assets exceeding $100M, Reuters reports
⚡️Ambassadors of Israel & Lebanon with Secretary of State Marco Rubio before the start of talks in Washington
American and Canadian airlines suspend flights to Israel through September

American Airlines said it will not resume flights to Israel until at least September 8, joining United, Delta, and Air Canada
UNPRECEDENTED: Lebanese Ambassador stands shoulder to shoulder with Israeli counterpart before Washington talks

Historic photo op comes amid protests in Beirut against normalization and direct talks
‘MUSLIMS LOVE JESUS’ — Tucker Carlson Network

‘Islam reveres Him as a major prophet and messenger of the Lord’

‘That's why Donald Trump's painting depicting himself as the Son of God offended the president of Iran. It was an attack on his religion as well as Christianity’
There is NO naval blockade of Hormuz Strait — RT Exclusive

Local reporter Mojtaba Biglari shows footage of 'completely secure' Strait

Countries hostile to Iran still not allowed to pass 

'Trump granted them permission in a parallel world'
‘WE HAVE RELEASED EVERYTHING’ — Acting AG Blanche on the Epstein files

‘What we released was ANYTHING associated with the Epstein files’

‘We are not sitting on a single piece of paper’
Woman accuses Swalwell of DRUGGING AND RAPING HER

‘He RAPED me and he CHOKED me. And while he was choking me, I lost consciousness’

‘I THOUGHT I DIED’

‘I did not consent to ANY sexual activity’
⭕ Similar footage of such attacks on Yoav base in the occupied Golan Heights
Footage of attacks on Yeftah base with suicide drones
❗️ Hezbullah shot down a new Israeli Hermes-450 drone, this time over Sidqeen valley

This is the 5th confirmed large drone successfully to be shot down this war
❗️Hezbullah released footage of the first successful FPV attack on a manned Israeli vehicle in south Lebanon's Taybeh on 10 April

The attack was successful and injured several invaders: https://t.me/manniefabian/57697
يا عاملٌ نَبِّئ جِبَالَكَ والسُّهول أنَّ المُقَاومَة الأبِيّة لَن تَزُول...
🇮🇷🇺🇸| Some (Iranian-linked) vessels seem to be forced to do a U-turn in the Gulf of Oman, likely after warnings by US navy. @FotrosResistancee
🇦🇪🇺🇸🇮🇱| Coinciding with CENTCOM Chief’s visit to Israel, an Emirati plane also landed in Tel Aviv. @FotrosResistancee
The meeting of the Lebanese and Israeli states will happen in a few
❗️Photo of the first Lebanese Israeli American meeting in Washington
Jesus the king Ain Ebel Shrine bombed by the Israelis

I hope Christians are still happy on their knees jerking off their Jewish master
The after photo of the shrine
This is the before photo and this is from Israeli bombardment not demolitions 

A ground invasion? No. An air force operation to raze everything and have soldiers walk in safely after
Sec Rubio : This meeting is not about a ceasefire. It is not an event it is a process.
Trump said he was “shocked” by Giorgia Meloni, claiming she refused to support the U.S. in its war with Iran.“I thought she had courage, but I was wrong.”

Source: Corriere
Trump criticized Meloni after she condemned his remarks about Pope Leo XIV, saying:“She is the one who is unacceptable… she doesn’t care if Iran has a nuclear weapon.”

Source: Corriere
Trump:

Iran would blow up Italy in two minutes if it had the chance.

Source: Corriere
On April 14, 2025, President Aoun was asked about the option of direct negotiations with the Israeli enemy, and his response was:

"How can I negotiate when I have prisoners with them? And what about the five points? I am not occupying their land; Israel is occupying my land. What am I supposed to negotiate about?"✍ What do we call someone who betrays his words and ideals?

The Jewish enemy attacked the power plant in Ain Zarqa, West Bekaa
Former president Amin Gemayel on negotiations with the Israeli enemy:

"A historic opportunity; it would be a crime to miss it and not take advantage of it."
We are almost 100 years since WW2 started and there are still young surviving holocaust (hollow clown show) survivors

I bet they have a couple left planned to be paraded on the 100th anniversary of Israel in two decades from today

I would like to remind everyone that while the U.S carried a war of aggression on Iran and Israel an ethnic cleansing war in south Lebanon and Beirut 

On daily basis the Israeli army is attacking Gaza, murdering police, assassinating surviving fighters from the old war and murdering countless civilians as collateral.

Gaza didn't join the war, Gaza didn't keep any hostages, Gaza already signed a deal to end the war.
🇺🇸📁 — Fox News: You have the authority to go ahead and release more Epstein files, do you not?Acting AG Todd Blanche: No. We have released everything. We are not sitting on a single piece of paper. If we didn't release it, it's because it was not responsive to the law and therefore not part of the Epstein files.
Cruise missile on the border town of Miskav A'am⭕بالفيديو | مشاهد من عملية استهداف المقاومة الإسلامية تجمّع لجنود جيش العدو الإسرائيلي في موقع مسكاف عام شمال فلسطين المحتلّة بصاروخ كروز.جودة عالية#الإعلام_الحربي
🇺🇸 Bleary-eyed Eric Swalwell wears a robe, parties with ‘yacht girls’ during ‘hush hush’ St. Tropez blow-out, wild video shows

These videos are years old which raises a serious question: How long has Eric Swalwell been sexually blackmailed?

This is an extremely serious national security concern, given that he sits on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. 

Did he share classified information with any foreigners during his drunken escapades overseas?

Another Muslim success in cuckery🇺🇸l🇮🇩 The U.S. just signed a Major Defense Cooperation Partnership with Indonesia. Maritime, subsurface, autonomous systems, special forces training, the works.

Indonesia sits astride the Strait of Malacca, the world's second most critical shipping chokepoint after Hormuz
Another Muslim success in cuckery🇺🇸l🇮🇩 The U.S. just signed a Major Defense Cooperation Partnership with Indonesia. Maritime, subsurface, autonomous systems, special forces training, the works.

Indonesia sits astride the Strait of Malacca, the world's second most critical shipping chokepoint after Hormuz
❗️Three injured Hezbullah fighters have been captured in Bint Jbeil yesterday.

This raises the POWs in this war to 5
Amal Movement rejets today's Israeli-Lebanese meetings

According to Kpler intelligence, two ships from Iran are crossing the Strait of Hormuz despite the US blockade.@PressTV
US yet to realize language of force won’t work against Iran: Russian ambassador

The Russian ambassador to Tehran says the United States has not yet realized that the language of force against Iran won’t work, well over 40 days after a US-Israeli military coalition waged an unprovoked war of aggression against the Islamic Republic.@PressTV
Iran swiftly restored rail services and key roads following the repair of cracks damaged during the US-Israeli imposed war on the country.@PressTV
China slams US blockade on Iranian ports as ‘dangerous, irresponsible’

China has slammed a US blockade around Iranian ports as “dangerous and irresponsible,” after US President Donald Trump threatened to sink any boats that sought to leave or dock there.@PressTV

Israel carried out fresh acts of aggression on Southern Lebanon.@PressTV
Czech Republic Deputy Prime Minister Petr Macinka: Israel is a civilized country surrounded by uncivilized enemies.@PressTV
North Korea conducted new cruise and anti-ship missile tests under the direct supervision of leader Kim Jong-un.@PressTV
Trump again insults Pope Leo: He doesn’t understand and shouldn’t talk about war, because he has no idea what’s happening. @PressTV
🎤 Conversation - US Strait of Hormuz blockade bid for leverage, but at grave cost to global economy: Economist

As the US enforces a naval blockade on the Strait of Hormuz, the hasty move signals Washington’s attempt to gain leverage in stalled negotiations but at a grave cost to the global economy, says a Chinese economist.By Alireza Kamandi@PressTV
The head of the Catholic Church blasted violations of the intl. law by neocolonial world powers in a sharp speech made during his first visit to Algeria.@PressTV
The Israeli regime ambassador to Italy labels the L'Espresso magazine as "antisemitic" for showing the reality!

The magazine used a real photo of an Israeli settler harassing a Palestinian woman.@PressTV
✍🏻 Viewpoint - How Iran's 'diplomacy of resistance' became a global model for oppressed nations

The revolutionary concept of the 'diplomacy of resistance' — introduced to the world by Iran — has enabled it to defeat US pressure, build self-reliance, and become a global role model for oppressed nations fighting for their rights.

By Dr. Ahmad Habibullah@PressTV
"Iran’s refusal to submit to oppression proved very costly for Americans."

Mehdi Fazaeli, member of the martyred Leader’s office, discusses how the US, from the first day of the Islamic Revolution, began efforts to topple its unyielding government.
Watch in full@Unscripted_PTV
Iranian academic and anti-war activist detained by ICE in US despite valid visa: Reports
Yousof Azizi, an Iranian academic and PhD candidate at Virginia Tech's School of Public and International Affairs (SPIA), has reportedly been detained by ICE despite holding a valid visa. @PressTV
Trump’s pyrrhic gamble with blockade on Strait of Hormuz

On Sunday, US President Donald Trump declared that after the failure of lengthy ceasefire negotiations with Iran, the US would pursue a naval blockade in the Strait of Hormuz.@PressTV

Iran’s vice president: White House has turned into ‘reporting branch’ for Israel

Iran’s First Vice President Mohammad Reza Aref says the White House is not acting as an independent entity in its foreign policy and has devolved into a “reporting branch” for Israel.@PressTV

❗️/🇮🇱 BREAKING: Hezbollah claims it ‘confronted’ an Israeli fighter jet above the Bekaa Valley yesterday with a surface-to-air missileNote: The statement does not say whether the plane was hit.@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷 NOTE: Contrary to reports that Iranian-linked ships are breaking the U.S. blockade, the opposite is true; ships originating in Iranian ports are being turned away

The misunderstanding stems from the fact the U.S. blockade is not located directly near the Strait of Hormuz, but a little further away in the Gulf of Oman / Arabian Sea.

This has led to some media claiming that Iranian vessels crossed the Strait of Hormuz, such as the ‘RICH STARRY’, which spoofed its location and pretended to be a Chinese tanker originating in the UAE. This vessel did indeed cross the Strait of Hormuz, but was immediately ordered to turn around when it entered the Gulf of Oman.@Middle_East_Spectator
— Ships are being ordered to turn around in approximately this area.

The U.S. Navy is likely positioned several hundreds of nautical miles away, in the Arabian Sea.@Middle_East_Spectator
— An American naval blockade definitely and without ambiguity deserves an Iranian response (which Khatam Al Anbiyaa HQ also stated). Simply ignoring it sends a weak signal.
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇱/🇦🇪 NEW: Coinciding with CENTCOM Commander Brad Cooper’s visit to Israel, a senior UAE military official also landed in Tel Aviv@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷 NEW: Iranian sources say that nothing is confirmed about a new round of talks with the U.S. and nothing has yet been agreed@Middle_East_Spectator


—❗️🇮🇱/ NEW: The IDF has almost fully captured the town of Bint Jbeil, a symbolic and very important Hezbollah stronghold

Commander of the Givati Brigade, Col. Netanyel Shamkha, took a picture in front of the Martyrs Memorial in the center of the town.@Middle_East_Spectator

—❗️🇮🇱/ NEW: The town center is fully surrounded by the IDF from all sides, but a few dozen local Hezbollah fighters remain barricaded in the old town center and they likely intend to resist till the final moments@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇮🇷/🇮🇶 NEW: Iranian drones directly impact Kurdish terrorist camps in Sulaimaniyah, Iraqi Kurdistan@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇮🇷/🇮🇶 The place that was impacted in Iraqi Kurdistan@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇮🇷/🇮🇶 WATCH: Crazy footage shows unidentified fighter jets shooting down additional Shahed-136 drones that were fired at Kurdish military camps in Iraq@Middle_East_Spectator
— Hmm

That doesn’t look like an American nor Iraqi jet to me.

Some kind of French delta-wing, likely a Mirage.
—❗️🇮🇱/🇱🇧 NEW: For the first time in history, direct negotiations have started between Israel and Lebanon

A quasi normalization.@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷/🇮🇹 President Trump: ‘Meloni doesn’t support the war on Iran? That’s a shame. I expected better from her. Iran would blow up Italy in TWO MINUTES if they had the chance’@Middle_East_Spectator
Mr. Trump; unlike America, Italy has a civilization spanning thousands of years.

They’ve produced magnificent artists, scientists, architectural marvels, and most importantly, great food.

Iran has literally no reason to bomb Italy and would never do so.

US-sanctioned Chinese tanker transits Strait of Hormuz hours after blockade

A U.S.-sanctioned vessel with a Chinese owner passed through the Strait of Hormuz on Tuesday, becoming one of the first to transit the waterway since the start of an American naval blockade against Iran.

Read more here
Pakistani jets deployed to Saudi Arabia highlight its Iran war dilemma

Even as the global spotlight focuses on Pakistan's efforts to mediate an end to the war between the U.S. and Iran, Islamabad last weekend quietly deployed fighter jets and troops to Saudi Arabia as a part of a defense agreement it recently signed with Riyadh, highlighting Pakistan's dilemma as it seeks to achieve its geopolitical ambitions in the volatile region.

Read more here
Global oil demand to fall this year led by Asia, IEA says

Global oil demand is now forecast to fall this year, led by "deep cuts" in the Asia Pacific region, the International Energy Agency said, as disruption in the Strait of Hormuz continues to upend the global oil market.

Read more here
Philippine, US military drills to facilitate closer relations with Japan

The Philippines and the U.S. are set to stage annual war games in the coming weeks, with more than 17,000 personnel participating as Japan joins the drills for the first time.

Read more here
Japan's Mitsubishi Estate, Shimizu to build Singapore food logistics plant

Japanese developer Mitsubishi Estate and builder Shimizu will build one of the largest food logistics facilities in Singapore, the two companies announced earlier this month.

Read more here
China set to fine PDD, other e-tailers over food delivery concerns: sources

Beijing is planning fine multiple e-commerce platforms over safety concerns involving food deliveries, with bargain e-tailer Pinduoduo expected to be hit the hardest, at around 1.5 billion yuan ($219 million), people familiar with the matter told Nikkei Asia.

Read more here
TikTok, Sea, Alibaba-owned e-commerce corner ASEAN markets

Smaller e-commerce players in Southeast Asia are being increasingly pushed to the margins as well-resourced platforms owned by big Asian technology groups gobble up market share in the region, a report published Tuesday shows.

Read more here
Tesla's Shanghai factory can build humanoid robots, China boss says

Tesla's factory in Shanghai has the capacity to produce humanoid robots, the electric vehicle maker said Tuesday.

Read more here

Soaring oil prices threaten Japan's municipal bus, sewer services

Soaring crude oil prices caused by the Iran war are disrupting the procurement of fuel needed for municipal services, such as public transit and sewage, prompting pleas for central government assistance.

Read more here
