heres the feed as of today april 16 : 

Trump: Israel-Lebanon leaders speak tomorrow for 1st time in decades
Candace Owens EXPOSES Fox News SPLICING old footage — 3 TPUSA events in 1 to hide low turnout
'Rule of law serves against whims of the RICH & powerful' — Pope Leo in Cameroon

Source: Reuters
'As President Trump secures that final s—safe, secure outcome…'— WH Deputy Chief of Staff Stephen Miller on Iran

What was he trying to say there — 'final...' what?
Hezbollah releases footage of artillery being LOADED, BLASTED at Kiryat Shmona as IDF advances deeper into south Lebanon

'Don't worry — SOME MEN AREN'T SHAKEN EASILY'
'American Pie' star Shannon Elizabeth starts OnlyFans at 52 

'To avoid Hollywood controlling career' 

Source: People
'DEEP STATE ROT' — DNI Gabbard to come out with report on political WEAPONIZATION inside intel community
'In the US, ONLY ONE specific ETHNICITY gets to be REMEMBERED' — Tucker Carlson

'9 days of remembrance — for ONE GROUP of VICTIMS in a war that killed TENS OF MILLION globally'

'Nearly HALF A MILLION Americans — SACRIFICED THEIR LIVES defeating the Nazis...

...NOT REMEMBERED!'
Woman WINS $300K SETTLEMENT — drinking 15 shots of tequila & hurting herself on Carnival Cruise

'Overserving alcohol cases EXTREMELY difficult but justice prevails' — lawyer

Source: People
'We will not accept any pact' — Hungary's new PM Magyar REJECTS EU migration allocation
North Israel red alert sirens for 3rd time this morning
LAUGHING Israelis BULLDOZE homes of displaced civilians — southern Lebanon

Source: Quds News Network
Israelis on Lebanon border sprint to shelter for 4th time this morning
CONGRESSMAN JIM JORDAN: 'We MUST help Israel'

'I don't know how many Americans KILLED by Israel'
'So CAVALIER to drug me, rape me, choke me' — Lonna Drewes 5th woman to come out against Eric Swalwell
IDF Arabic order south Lebanon civilians north
FLASHBACK: 'My Republican colleagues don't trust women!' — Eric Swalwell

'TRUST WOMEN — THEY WILL GET IT RIGHT'
Hollywood is making SIGNIFICANTLY less movies and shows

At the same time - they are relocating shoots outside the US

Source: WSJ
100 MILLION liters of diesel secured — Albanese

Daily usage is 92 million liters 

Saving Australia 1 day at a time

Source: NRMA stats, media: AlboMP

Man from Tennessee says that POLICE were called on him for PRINTING OUT ARTICLES about Israel

He was stopped by an officer when leaving library and then he was followed by 2 cruises 'all the way home'
'ZIONISM HAS NO HISTORY IN CHRISTIANITY' — Father Trenham to Tucker

NOT a matter of denomination, preference: 'For ~18 centuries — You would NEVER HEAR of such a thing'

'Paul calls the Church the New Israel'

'We're made up of every tribe, nation...

...WE ARE GOD'S PEOPLE!'
'REVIVAL OF MISOGYNY' — attorney Cheyenne Hunt says Congress has a problem 

'IT'S A SYSTEMIC ROT, women are coming forward across party lines'

Source: FFT776
'THIS ISN'T NORMAL' — Wisconsin Sec of State Sarah Godlewski has a MELTDOWN over hail

Source: Sarah.godlewski IG
Von der Leyen: 'Age verification app is READY' to use on the internet

'Not our first time — you remember the COVID passport app'

Great success
Iranian war will disrupt supply chains almost like during COVID — European Central Bank head Lagarde
'Blocking Strait of Hormuz is FINE' — Senator Rick Scott

'If NO oil ever goes to China & destroys their economy, that would be a wonderful day'
❗️Iran moves entire education system online from April 21 — Tasnim News
Father Trenham WARNS of YES MEN:

'People around you saying you’re the GREATEST THING to happen to AMERICA? POISON OF HIGHEST LEVEL”

Says POWER is 'EXTREMELY DANGEROUS' — leaders need someone to HUMBLE THEM

'No one is great, everyone is a SINNER'

'ONLY CHRIST IS OUR SALVATION'
'They’re not going to surrender & we’re obviously not about to' — ex US Sec of State John Kerry 

'Negotiation ONLY to resolve this'
Sneaker brand turns into AI company — stocks soar

Allbirds sells off footwear business and rebrands as ‘NewBird AI’

Shares jump 373% — despite years of decline

AI bubble just keeps bubbling

Image is AI-generated
‘10 missing or dead’ in US nuclear program — congressman demands answers

Rep. Moskowitz calls for hearing on Los Alamos scientists and urges Pentagon to ‘come clean’ on UFO data
Toyota unveils humanoid robot that plays BASKETBALL

Built with automotive engineering and AI control systems, it can dribble and shoot with precision

Meet CUE7 — 2.19m tall, lighter, faster and trained with reinforcement learning

Footage: Toyota Motors
Russian viewers loved the Putin scene in 'The Boys'

The internet has been flooded with edits of 'anti-woke' Soldier Boy set to Russian songs and with the Russian flag

Meanwhile, Western viewers point out that for some reason, the show seems to mock everyone, except Israel


Guinness World Record set by Pakistan's Muhammad Tahir

46 splits in ONE MINUTE

Footage from Guinness World Records
Collapse of the Soviet Union was a catastrophe, for the US — popular US steamer Hasan Piker at Yale

'America was no longer contested globally, and that end to multipolarity accelerated neoliberalism, which is devastating every Western nation right now'
Israeli warplanes strike Al-Qasmiyeh Bridge in southern Lebanon — Quds News Network
Firefighter brings cat back to LIFE

The animal was pulled out unconscious after an apartment fire in Russia

Overcome by smoke, it showed no signs of life — until rescuers revived it on the spot

Footage: Emergency Tyumen
Russian FM Lavrov's ADVICE to US:

'In every case where it dislikes a particular government, to begin by engaging it in dialogue'

'NO country has EVER refused dialogue with the US'
❗️ Pete Hegseth quotes fake Pulp Fiction Bible verse in Pentagon 'prayer'

Does he think he can outdo Samuel L Jackson or what is this about?
African Hockey Dreams Rise

From dawn training to Olympic goals, Kenyan players chase greatness

WATCH HERE
Zelensky receives Four Freedoms Award in Netherlands

Roosevelt said that everyone is entitled to 4 freedoms: of speech, of worship, from want, and from fear

4 actual 'freedoms' in Ukraine:

◾️ No free media

◾️ No opposition

◾️ No elections

◾️ No escaping forced conscription
Macron joins French 'school pupils' to launch 'No-Screens Day' in France

Footage — Reuters
It wasn't a surprise that US didn't prolong sanctions relief on Russian oil — Kremlin

'We have already learned to act in such a way as to minimize the consequences of such measures'
91-year-old woman ignores wellness checks… as she was GAMING

Officers rushed to check on her after she missed her daily ‘still alive’ calls

Instead, they found her safe… trying to beat her high score

Footage: 5 abc
Ukraine attacks Liberian-flagged oil tanker in Russian territorial waters

The ship's captain — a Turkish citizen — was wounded in the drone strike and hospitalized

Source: Investigative Committee of Russia
Dozens of Palestinians found inside GARBAGE TRUCK in Israel

Police intercepted a truck with men stacked on top of each other in extreme crowding
US presents India several Tuk-tuks 'proudly featuring President Trump'

Such a gift is dedicated to US' 250th birthday
Zelensky's mancatchers force man on crutches to make a MIRACLE recovery chasing him in Lutsk, Ukraine
❗️ Spain purchased record LNG shipment from Russia in first month of Iran war — El País

In March, Spain bought 9,807 GWh of Russian LNG — the largest delivery volume in the history of Russian-Spanish trade relations
Before setting a date to join Eurozone, Hungary will consult experts on the state of the budget and how it might be affected by this decision — PM Magyar
Europe has maybe SIX WEEKS left of jet fuel — IEA chief Birol to AP

Middle East crisis could 'soon' lead to flight cancellations

Developing nations 'will suffer the most'

Birol also warns that the 'toll booth' system in Hormuz could set precedent for other waterways
South African opposition figure Julius Malema sentenced to five years in prison

Malema — famous for the 'Kill the Boer' chant — was found guilty of illegal gun possession and firing it in public

He has already appealed the verdict, calling the magistrate 'racist'

Footage — News Live SA
French far-right leader Le Pen secretly meets Israeli ambassador 

A discreet meeting with Israel’s Joshua Zarka took place in Paris

The talks were not publicly announced
Pope Leo SLAMS 'MASTERS OF WAR' and their 'profits from weapons'

'They turn a blind eye to the fact that billions of dollars are spent on killing'
Hegseth's sermon if the intern wrote down the wrong Pulp Fiction quote
Zhirinovsky honored with $7k luxury iPhone tribute

Caviar releases a custom iPhone 17 Pro with a hand-crafted enamel portrait

Limited to 18 units — marking April 18, 1992, the date LDPR took its current name

The box features a display case streaming his most famous predictions
Slovakia to block EU's 20th sanctions package against Russia unless it gets guarantees on Druzhba oil pipeline to be restored — Slovakia's FM Blanar to CTK
❗️Pakistan army chief Asim Munir holds talks with Iran’s Parliament Speaker Ghalibaf
You like to say publicly, Iran, that you control the Strait of Hormuz, but you don't have a navy, you can't control anything — Hegseth

‘We're using 10% of the world's most powerful navy, and you have 0% of your navy. That's real control’
Treasury is launching Operation Economic Fury to maximize pressure on Iran — Hegseth

'Iran can choose a prosperous future… but if they choose poorly, they will have a blockade and bombs dropping on them'
Hegseth message to Iran: WE ARE 'NOT THE SAME'

'We're WATCHING YOU. Locked and loaded on your energy industry

Ready to go at the push of a button'
There is 'endless stream of GARBAGE' from US media — Hegseth

'Sometimes it's hard to figure out what side some of you are actually on'
Iran’s motivation to maintain ceasefire is very high even though they can't talk and organize — Hegseth
Hegseth credits Houthis for 'staying out of it'

Claims 'American capabilities had them HESITATING'
Hegseth on Israel's INFLUENCE on Trump:

'Not a SINGLE THING has been FOISTED upon the President of the US'

Trump does what is 'in interests of THIS country and defending OUR interests'
Iranian army chief says he’s ready to SACRIFICE himself for the nation

'The US and Israel will take their wish of bringing Iran to its knees to the grave' — Hatami
Gunmen storm bank in Italy’s Naples, take hostages

About 10–20 employees and customers are inside — three of whom are feeling unwell

The armed men have barricaded the doors and are negotiating with law enforcement
China reassured US it WILL NOT send weapons to Iran — Hegseth

Trump and Xi have 'very strong relationship'
⚡️ Iran is ‘dominating the social media war’ — Guardian

Iran outplays the US online with viral memes, AI clips, and Gen Z humor that’s resonating even in the US

We embedded specially trained air defenders alongside our partner nation soldiers. To give you a sense of their contribution and impact, the king and crown prince of Bahrain both personally knew our soldiers by name ... and there's no better teammate than Israel." - Brad Cooper

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇻🇦Pope Leo XIV seems to have doubled down on his digs at the Trump administration after Trump went after him like he was some kind of political opponent, and members of the administration basically told him to “sit down and shut up.”

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
*Join Danny Haiphong LIVE today April 16th 12noon eastern 7pm CET w/ Larry Johnson!*

Danny Haiphong and Larry Johnson discuss the latest developments in the Iran war, and how Iran and China have hit back against Trump’s Naval blockade. We review Larry’s recent report on the US imminently beginning strikes on Iran soon as Trump panics over dwindling options amid the ceasefire. All this plus much more!

Watch here: https://www.youtube.com/live/50jhZ7JH6yU?si=VTr13NQAViIDrfEQ

📸 Lebanese President Joseph Aoun has reportedly told US Secretary of State Marco Rubio that he refuses to speak with Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu.

@PressTV
Iran increased production rate of attack drones tenfold since June war: Army

The deputy Chief of Staff of the Iranian Armed Forces says Iran increased the production rate of attack drones tenfold during a seven-month period after the US-Israeli war in June last year.

@PressTV
Belgium seizes two British cargoes of military components bound for Israel  

Belgian authorities have seized two British shipments of military components bound for Israel, invoking a ban on any military-laden aircraft using the country’s facilities or airspace.

@PressTV
▶️ Europe is hitting pause. Israel is facing isolation like never before.

@PressTV
Trump’s approval rating plunging among voters who sent him to White House: Poll

US President Donald Trump’s support among one of the most important groups that put him in the White House is dwindling drastically, casting serious doubts over the political fallout heading into the 2026 midterm elections.

@PressTV
▶️ Shipping data confirms that a second US sanctioned supertanker has entered the Persian Gulf via the Strait of Hormuz, despite a US blockade on vessels visiting Iranian ports.

@PressTV
▶️ Hundreds of Palestinians in Gaza mark Prisoners' Day by staging a demonstration calling for the freedom of Palestinians detained in inhumane Israeli prisons.

@PressTV
📸 Iranians gather outside the Spanish Embassy in Tehran to pay tribute to the students killed in US-Israeli airstrikes on Minab elementary school, and to express their gratitude to the Spanish people and government for their solidarity and support during the Ramadan War.

@PressTV
🔴 Yemen's Ansarullah Chief Al-Houthi delivering speech regarding latest regional developments

🔺 Al-Houthi: Several Western states refused to join US-Zionist terrorist aggression against Iran

🔺 Al-Houthi: It’s unfortunate that certain Arab regimes joined US-Zionist terrorist aggression against Iran

🔺 ‘US, Zionist regimes seeking to achieve through talks what they failed to achieve by aggression’

🔺 Al-Houthi: Enemies were forced into truce after suffering heavy losses in terms of manpower 

🔺 Al-Houthi: Zionist enemy continues to murder Lebanese people on a daily basis 

@PressTV
▶️ US president Donald Trump says Israeli and Lebanese leaders will hold talks after first high-level meeting in decades.

@PressTV

 We are not on path of peace — US political scientist

Despite the US-Iran ceasefire, there are American troops moving to the Middle East, while no US assets are being pulled out of the region, US political scientist Robert Pape says.

The Iran war is not over, he warns, it’s just that it’s metastasizing, and what’s coming out of the White House is just noise.

 Boost us | Chat | @geopolitics_prime

Fwd from @
Operation coming soon?
The Pentagon is preparing for action against Cuba

As the US military campaign against Iran nears its end, the media is actively discussing the fate of the Cuban question. And Donald Trump himself keeps making statements about his intentions regarding the island.

The publication USA Today obtained an exclusive according to which American military personnel have recently been actively preparing for a potential military operation against Cuba. The preparations are being made for different scenarios depending on the decision of the US president.

In any case, as long as the Iranian question remains unresolved, the fate of the island of freedom remains unknown. And Trump himself has likely not yet made a decision on Cuba and is merely stoking audience interest with his statements, as was the case with Venezuela at one time.

However, Trump's rhetoric regarding the Cuban question differs noticeably from the Venezuelan one. The president is currently adhering to a strategy of economic strangulation without military pressure, as was the case previously. And Maduro was a direct threat to the US due to drug trafficking.

Therefore, many experts are confident that statements about military intervention are for now a demonstration and political pressure on the current leadership of the island. But the key word here is "for now," since active involvement of the Trump administration in resolving the Cuban question is rather a matter of time.
#Cuba #USA
 @rybar_latam — the pulse of the New World

Support us Original msg
Peace is good
but war is even better

All these ceasefires and what appears to be the Trump administration's desire to reach a settlement with Iran could collapse in an instant. And Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has already hinted that Israel fully expects such a scenario.

What did Netanyahu say?

Our forces continue to strike Hezbollah, we intend to resolve the Bint Jbeil issue. At the same time, yesterday I instructed the Israeli army to continue strengthening the security zone. 

Our American friends constantly keep us informed about negotiations with Iran. Our goals align. Awaiting a possible resumption of hostilities, we are ready for any scenario.

These negotiations have not taken place for more than 40 years. They are happening now because we are very strong, and countries come to us, not just Lebanon. There are two main goals - disarming Hezbollah and lasting peace. Peace through strength.

Behind what appears to be a pacifist stance by the Israeli government lies one simple truth: they don't actually need this peace, because war is what allows them to maintain power in the country. Even disagreements between factions take a back seat.

It was precisely Israeli right-wingers who were the main critics of the ceasefire that was established on Trump's initiative some time ago. Do you think it was just coincidence that conservative Israeli media called it all a "Trump defeat and failure"?

But Netanyahu's cabinet cannot directly go against the White House, given that the Americans provide the lion's share of Israeli military needs. So Israel acts differently, hoping that the ceasefire won't last long and is deliberately preparing for its collapse.
#Israel #Iran #Lebanon
 RU |  EN |  MAX

 VK |  RuTube |  OK |  Zen

Support us Original msg

Israeli and Lebanese leaders to hold talks on April 16 — Trump

 “It has been a long time since the two leaders have spoken, like 34 years. It will happen tomorrow,” US President Donald Trump wrote on Truth Social.

 Subscribe to @SputnikInt
 US government 'aggressively anti-Christian' — Carlson

American journalist Tucker Carlson said the United States government has played a destructive role in global conflicts, pointing to wars that have resulted in "millions of dead Christians."

Carlson argued that Washington’s policies are driven by what he described as a different "civic religion."

 "It’s not Christianity, clearly. It’s Israelism. It's the defense of Israel," he said, amid US-Israeli aggression against Iran.

 Subscribe to @SputnikInt
Fatal arrogance doomed US Multi-Domain Operations doctrine in Iran war - ex-Pentagon analyst
 
The fundamental vulnerability of the US Multi-Domain Operations doctrine is “centralization and the idea that the entire battle space can be effectively managed from the top,” retired USAF Lt. Col. Karen Kwiatkowski, a former DoD analyst, tells Sputnik.

She calls it “a kind of arrogance and an unwarranted confidence in complex data systems.” 

In theory, MDO promises seamless coordination across land, air, sea, cyber, and space. In practice, it depends on perfect data.

 “When the system is weakened at any point,” Kwiatkowski notes, “the rest of the system is made more vulnerable to missing, untimely or bad data.” 

The US-Israeli side, fixated on centralized offense and AI-driven targeting, stifles lower-level initiative, clarifies the analyst.

 “Trust in AI for decision making on targeting is a substitute for a strategy with clear and focused objectives,” she warns.

Iran, by contrast, runs a decentralized, survivable, locally repairable system relying on “well trained and trusted operators throughout the system. Mosaic and defense driven.”

The US-Israeli precision strikes (PrSM), cyberattacks, and electronic warfare (EW) failed to crush Iran’s resilience because “bombs don’t change minds,” Kwiatkowski says, adding:

 “Political inconsistency and ignorance cannot convince a country defending itself against clearly illegal and unjust attacks.” 

The US and Israel can win battles—though we have not seen that in this war—yet still become weakened, lose initiative, and “eventually be forced to withdraw and try to evade responsibility for the many tactical, strategic and intelligence errors they made.”

 Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🚨 Israeli airstrikes cause massive destruction near Tebnine Hospital in southern Lebanon

 Subscribe to @SputnikInt
 Pakistan is negotiating Russian oil supplies amid Strait of Hormuz crisis – 🇵🇰 Ambassador to Russia 

 US rules out easing oil restrictions despite global demand 

 US government 'aggressively anti-Christian' — Carlson 

 Hezbollah agrees to ceasefire, warns Israel against violations 

 US turns to automakers to boost weapons production 

 Senate blocks move to halt US war against Iran for the 4th time 

 Russian forces liberate Volchanskiye Khutora - Ukraine's supply lines severed 

 Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🚨'We are a natural connector between Central Asia, the Middle East and South Asia' – 🇵🇰 Ambassador to Russia

The newly opened Pak-Iran corridor runs from Gwadar Port in southern Pakistan through Iran to Uzbekistan, providing landlocked Central Asian states with access to South Asian ports. 

 "I am happy that our diplomacy has again taken a proactive role and soon Pakistan would emerge as one of the major transport nodal points in all this to Central Asia, the Russian Federation and to the Middle East," said Pakistan's Ambassador to Russia Faisal Niaz Tirmizi.

 Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🇨🇴🪖 Colombians recruited into Ukrainian army on the spot at Polish border

 "Mercenaries reach the Polish-Ukrainian border, where they are taken into border troops," a source linked to the Colombian recruitment circles in Ukraine and the Middle East told Sputnik. 

Colombians travel to the Polish-Ukrainian border without making prior arrangements with Ukrainian recruiters because they know that they can join the Ukrainian armed forces on the spot, the source said.

 "Relatives of the missing Colombians say that their loved ones get to the border, sign up, are taken to military units for training and are then sent to a war zone. Then all contact with them is lost," the source added.

Latin Americans are often lured into serving in the Ukrainian armed forces with promises of high pay and comfortable conditions. The Russian Defense Ministry has repeatedly accused the government in Kiev of using foreign fighters as "cannon fodder," warning that the Russian military will continue striking mercenary troops across Ukraine

 Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🚨'As soon as possible': Will Putin and Pakistan's Sharif meet in Russia by summer?

Pakistan's PM Shehbaz Sharif will likely visit Russia in the first half of this year, the country's Ambassador to Russia Faisal Niaz Tirmizi told Sputnik.

The two sides are currently working on organizing the visit, he said.

 "Prime Minister to be here as soon as possible because this is very special relationship that Prime Minister Muhammad Shehbaz Sharif has with President Vladimir Putin," the diplomat noted.

Sharif's arrival in Russia was planned for early March, but was postponed by the Pakistani side due to the outbreak of war in Iran and clashes on the Pakistan-Afghan border.

 Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🚨🇷🇺💥 RUSSIAN MOD UPDATE: HUGE GAINS AND DEVASTATING UKRAINIAN LOSSES

 Russian army launched a massive strike with precision weapons and drones against Ukrainian fuel and energy complex facilities

 Russian troops struck Ukrainian armored vehicle parking and ground robotic systems testing sites

 Air defense superiority: 270 drones were shot down

  Ukrainian losses: around 1,055 troops killed or wounded

Read about the origins of Russia's special military op HERE

 Subscribe to @SputnikInt
 Kremlin: Russia has been living under illegal sanctions for years & has learned to minimize their impact

 "We have already learned to act in a way that minimizes the consequences of such measures for our interests. We will continue to do so," Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said. 

Earlier, US Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent said the US would not extend licenses that temporarily allowed purchases of Russian oil during the Iran conflict.

 Subscribe to @SputnikInt
 Israeli warplanes strike Al-Qasimiya Bridge in southern Lebanon — multiple hits reported, Lebanese media say

 Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🇷🇺🪖 Russia innovates UAV warheads capable of striking any target

Russia's Rostec state corporation unveiled mass-produced drone warheads unified across different platforms — FPVs, bomber drones, multicopters, loitering munitions — with no maintenance required.

The new munitions can destroy anything from armored vehicles, command posts, and shelters to artillery, air defense systems, and drone control nodes.

🔹 For FPV drones: thermobaric fragmentation rounds that neutralize enemy personnel within a 10-meter radius — even those in body armor

🔹 Factory-made drops: high-explosive fragmentation charges for light and unarmored vehicles, equipped with instant contact fuses and dual safety stages.

🔹 Incendiary warheads: precision fire to burn enemy assets in specific areas.

 Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🚨🇺🇸US to keep Iran blockade in place, warns of strikes on infrastructure if Tehran “chooses poorly” — Pete Hegseth

 Subscribe to @SputnikInt
🇨🇳China is now 34% bigger than the US and 🇷🇺Russia leapfrogged Japan and Germany: this is the new economic reality.

🇮🇳 India is bigger than Japan + Germany combined.

This means the Global South (China + India + Russia + Brazil + Indonesia) already controls almost half of world PPP GDP — and they’re accelerating.

 Subscribe to @SputnikInt
 China doubles AI computing power in two months — with zero US chips

China's largest scientific AI cluster just doubled its domestically-made accelerator chips from 30,000 to 60,000 units in two months, marking a significant step forward in the country's effort to establish a self-sufficient AI infrastructure.

The Zhengzhou core node is now the country's most powerful scientific AI infrastructure.

The goal was to create a unified AI platform using federal scientific data to:

 train models & AI agents that test hypotheses

While US lawmakers ban China from advanced chipmaking tools, Beijing leaps forward: years of drug discovery now take just days.

 automate research & speed up discoveries in drug development, materials science, and energy

Earlier, US lawmakers introduced a bill aimed to limit China's access to advanced chipmaking tools. Now, China's drug discovery calculations that once took years take just days.

 Subscribe to @SputnikInt

NOW - Hegseth on whether "zero enrichment for the  Iranians" policy is being foisted upon Trump by the Israelis: "not a single thing has been foisted upon the President of the United States. President Trump makes his own decisions about the interests of this country."

🇱🇧 The Lebanese Foreign Minister says that direct negotiations between Lebanon and Israel actually helps validate Lebanon more, as it separates Lebanon from any issues related to Iran.

@medmannews
⚡🇱🇧 The Lebanese President refuses to talk to Netanyahu directly, engages in conversation with Marco Rubio instead.

@medmannews
⚡️🇸🇾 Coalition forces have withdrew from Qasr Air Base located in the northeast of Syria (former AANES administration), they handed it over to the Syrian Army.

@medmannews
⚡️🇮🇷🇺🇸 Hawkish statements from the US Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chief of Staff as they state that the US military is ready for action no matter what in regards to Iran.

They also state the usual of the need to disallow Iran from having a nuclear weapon, and how much it is a regional threat to local partners.

@medmannews
Just saw the Pete Hegesth quoting a fake bible verse and this is my honest reaction
⚡️🇱🇧 Israel killed a paramedic in Al-Majdal, airstrike.

The man was a medical volunteer with the Islamic Message Scouts.

@medmannews

🇵🇰/🇮🇷 NEW: Pakistan’s Defense Chief, Field Marshal Assim Muneer, met with Iran’s Parliament Speaker Mohammad Baqer Qalibaf

@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷 NEW: Iran has exported 9 million barrels of crude oil from the Gulf of Oman since the U.S. blockade, and another 2 million barrels departed three days ago – TankerTrackers

Note: The sanctions waiver on Iranian oil is in effect until April 19th, which may be one of the reasons the U.S. is not interdicting these vessels.

@Middle_East_Spectator

Japan's Nikkei average rises above record high in intraday trading

Japanese stocks jumped on Thursday morning, climbing above their record closing high during intra-day trading following a rally on Wall Street as investors grow optimistic about more talks and an extended ceasefire between the U.S. and Iran.

Read more here
Thailand's water festival makes a splash as fuel prices dampen travel

On Silom Road, the atmosphere is one of a good-natured riot. A long stretch of the usually traffic-ridden Bangkok thoroughfare has been cordoned off and is now filled with crowds almost too thick to move through. Water flies through the air, thrown from buckets and squirted from plastic water pistols, hitting passersby and police alike -- all cheerfully shooting back. The music booms over crowds.

Read more here
China's GDP growth accelerates to 5% despite Iran war

China's economy grew more than expected in the first quarter of 2026, shrugging off energy disruptions from the Iran war as exports compensated for weak domestic demand.

Read more here
Vietnam moves to resolve renewable payment dispute with investors

Vietnam has offered to settle prolonged payment dispute with dozens of renewable energy investors, amid the Middle East energy crisis and the country's ambitious growth target.

Read more here
Indonesian telcos' home broadband push hits Iran war hurdles

Indonesian internet providers' big plans to expand their home broadband coverage are facing a major obstacle, the Iran war, which has increased prices of fiber optics and other telecom components, industry players say.

Read more here
Japan climate finance finds footing as Hormuz crisis hastens energy shift

Sustainability-related bond issues are set to stabilize in Japan this year after two years of decline, as the disruption of oil supplies from the Persian Gulf has sharpened the case for energy diversification in the resource-poor country.

Read more here
BREAKING: TSMC Q1 profit surges 58% to record on AI boom despite Middle East tensions
https://s.nikkei.com/4vohd9c
TSMC Q1 profit surges 58% to record on AI boom despite Middle East tensions

Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. on Thursday reported another record-breaking quarter, with profit surging 58.3% on the year to an all-time high as the global AI infrastructure build-out continued to gain momentum despite tensions in the Middle East.

Read more here
India's Royal Enfield targets new riders with 'unavoidable' EV shift

Ishmeet Kaur Muker, who has owned a Royal Enfield Interceptor motorbike for about eight years, was first taken by the brand when as a child she saw her uncles riding the company's older Classic models.

Read more here
Japan pension whale GPIF eyes first overseas base for 24/7 trading

Japan's Government Pension Investment Fund is considering setting up its first overseas outpost to enable 24/7, in-house features trading and improve its real-time risk management as growing asset values make rebalancing more complex and potentially market-moving.

Read more here
TEPCO resumes commercial operations at world's largest nuclear plant

Tokyo Electric Power Co. Holdings (TEPCO) started commercial operations at the world's biggest nuclear power plant on Thursday, 14 years after its final reactor was stopped in the aftermath of the meltdown at the company's Fukushima Daiichi facility.

Read more here
Australia PM shores up Asia fuel supplies as refinery burns at home

A major overnight fire at one of Australia's two refineries has further impacted the supply of gasoline to some southeastern states, adding to concerns over fuel security as Prime Minister Anthony Albanese scrambles to secure additional supplies from Asia due to the U.S.-Israeli war on Iran.

Read more here
Honda to debut made-in-China EV in Japan in a first for Japanese automakers

Honda Motor will launch a new electric vehicle in Japan on Friday, becoming the first local automaker to bring in a China-made model.

Read more here
Elliott presses Daikin for big share buyback in activist push

Daikin Industries, the world's largest air conditioner maker, is facing pressure from activist investor Elliott Management to buy back up to 1 trillion yen ($6.3 billion) of its shares over the next few years, Nikkei learned Thursday.

Read more here
Ships plying Strait of Hormuz resort to altering info, location data

Some vessels traveling the Strait of Hormuz are trying to navigate closures by Iran and the U.S. by blocking detection of their location or altering their ship information, an analysis shows, as global shipping continues to be rocked by the Mideast conflict.

Read more here

🔺 Al-Houthi: Zionist Enemy’s weapons provided by US pose greatest harm to regional nations, entire world 

🔺 Al-Houthi slams Beirut, certain Arab regimes tor holding resistance, not Zionist aggression, responsible 

@PressTV

🇺🇸🇮🇷 Hegseth claims Iran has no control over Strait of Hormuz — "US Navy controls traffic in and out"

"Threatening to shoot missiles and drones at ships that are lawfully transiting international waters, that's not control, that's piracy, terrorism"
  — Syria Declares Full Control Over All Former U.S. Military Bases, Marking End of U.S. Presence in Syria

Syria’s Defense Ministry announced today that Syrian forces have taken control of the Qasrak air base in northeastern Hasakah province — the last major site previously used by U.S.-led coalition forces — following the complete withdrawal of American troops.

This development completes the handover of all significant U.S. military installations in Syria, including earlier transfers of al-Tanf, al-Shaddadi, and Rmeilan bases, and marks the definitive end of the U.S. military presence on Syrian territory.

the drudge headlines : 

POPE WARNS 'TYRANTS ARE RAVAGING THE WORLD'...
BOMB THREAT AT HOME OF LEO'S BROTHER...
TRUMP YANKS MILLIONS FROM CATHOLIC CHARITIES...
DISPATCH FROM VATICAN BUBBLE DURING REMARKABLE EXCHANGE WITH PRESIDENT...
HEGSETH READS FAKE BIBLE QUOTE FROM 'PULP FICTION' DURING PRAYER SERVICE...
EUROPE: 6 WEEKS LEFT OF JET FUEL
FLIGHT CANCELLATIONS LOOM

More young men attending religious services regularly, poll finds...
Done and Dusted? Trump's Portrayal of War Collides With Reality...

Jesus Memes, Threats and Iran: Portrait of The Don Under Pressure...

President leans in on replacing Alito and Thomas...
LIV DEAD? Saudi to Back Away From Golf Under Mounting Financial Pressures...

FAMOUS DUBAI HOTEL TO CLOSE...
Decades-Old Legal Question at Heart of Fed Chair Showdown...
CHINA GDP HITS 5%; STRONGER THAN EXPECTED...


What is 'OZEMPIC personality,' and why does it make life feel 'meh'?
STUDY: Loneliness Linked To Memory Loss...
TESLA Cybertruck Sales Inflated by SPACEX Buying Spree...
Fight over Tiger Woods' prescription drug records picks up after DUI arrest...

Surprise tornadoes in Kansas prompt concerns about changes at NWS...


TALARICO LEADS DEMS CASH SURGE...
Virginia Ex-Lt. Gov Kills Wife and Self, Police Say...
PENTAGON RAMPS UP PLANNING OF MILITARY OPS IN CUBA...
GOLDEN ERA: Foreclosure surge sweeps nation...

Has the Age of the Mega-Layoff Arrived?

CHEVRON exec says Americans should drive less...
Altman Attack Suspect Called for 'Luigi-ing Tech CEOs' in Online Messages...

Tensions over AI reach new high...
Ellison Hosting Dinner 'Honoring' Trump as PARAMOUNT Awaits Deal Closing...

Nolan Debuts Epic New Footage From 'ODYSSEY'...

Trojan Horse Sequence...



Spielberg teases alien film 'DISCLOSURE DAY' as 'more truth than fiction'...
Natural selection 'favors gingers'...
Spain at risk of housing bubble as Madrid attracts wealthy foreigners...


and trump truth social posts : 


Donald J. Trump

@realDonaldTrump

Trying to get a little breathing room between Israel and Lebanon. It has been a long time since the two leaders have spoken, like 34 years. It will happen tomorrow. Nice! President DJT



4.36k

ReTruths

20.3k

Likes
Apr 15, 2026, 11:26 PM





