HERES THE FEED TODAY SO FAR : 



Good point
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷 President Trump: ‘Iran doesn’t hold the cards’

@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷 President Trump: ‘A massive fleet is headed to Iran’

@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷 President Trump: ‘We’re gonna blockade Iran. It will be a total blockade, nothing in or out. It’s going to be very similar to Venezuela. But it will be a higher level.’

@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇱 President Trump: ‘Look at the Israeli relationship, look at the incredible partnership we have. As Bibi Netanyahu said, we’re the big brother and Israel is the little brother’ 

@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷 President Trump:

‘I predict that Iran comes back and gives us EVERYTHING WE WANT. 

And I tell my people, I want everything. I don’t want 90%, I don’t want 95%, I want them to give us everything.’

@Middle_East_Spector
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷 President Trump:

‘I was thinking about calling it the Gulf of Trump, but I decided not to do it.’

@Middle_East_Spectator
I actually can’t breathe this shir so fujny
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷 President Trump:

‘I could take out Iran in one day. One hour.’

@Middle_East_Spectator
— This is how little the Americans care about their ‘allies’ in the Persian Gulf btw. They don’t care if you get hit, even in the slightest.

Signing the Abraham Accords, staying silent on Palestinian genocide, enforcing rampant secularization — none of it matters, all you are is a cash cow to America.

They don’t even consider you within their calculations.

@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷/🇵🇰 NEW: The Iranian delegation has landed safely in Tehran

@Middle_East_Spectator
— It should be noted that gathering such a large delegation, with so many important government members, carries an immense security risk.

All of them arriving and leaving from Mehrabad Airport at the same time provides a huge opportunity to American / Israeli intelligence to track these leaders to their safehouses and potentially assassinate them.

It’s not even necessary to do this with advanced surveillance methods. They can utilize internal spies or collaborators to follow the cars of delegation members, put trackers on them, or report their locations.

This aspect should definitely be kept in mind when thinking about another round of negotiations. Every time you gather these 20+ top officials, you’re handing out free intel to the enemy on a golden platter.

Let’s hope some plans are in place to protect them from being tracked.

@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷 NEW: A staggering 68% of Americans say they are ‘worried’ about the current state of the war with Iran, with 57% saying they feel ‘stressed’ 

@Middle_East_Spectatir
 — The sticking points in the US-Iran talks, per Axios:

— Ending all uranium enrichment
— Dismantle all major nuclear enrichment facilities
— Retrieve highly enriched uranium 
— Accept a broader peace, security, and de-escalation framework that includes regional allies
— End funding for proxies
— Fully open the Strait of Hormuz, cancel tolls for passage
— The amount of Iranian frozen funds that will be released
— 🇮🇷 Iran’s Parliament Speaker, Mohammad Baqer Qalibaf:

‘The news of our country's national freestyle wrestling team winning the Asian Championship in these glorious days has sweetened the hearts of the Iranian people and once again demonstrated that the train of Iran's dignity and power cannot be stopped in any arena.

The brave Iranian athletes once again made the melodious anthem of the Islamic Republic of Iran resound, so that the world may witness the strength of our fighters in all arenas.

I congratulate the brave wrestlers, managers, coaches, and the noble and proud people of Iran on achieving this valuable victory, which demonstrates the combination of commitment and expertise, and I pray to Almighty God for the ultimate victory of glorious Iran.’

@Middle_East_Spectator


Breaking: Gaza Now | Seven U.S. refueling planes land at Ben Gurion Airport in preparation for a renewed conflict with Iran.
Breaking: Gaza Now | Sirens sound in the settlement of “Matla” north of occupied Palestine following a rocket barrage from Lebanon.
Breaking | Advisor to the Iranian Supreme Leader on international affairs: Our diplomatic history is based on safeguarding #Iran, and we hold the keys to the Strait of Hormuz.
Director General of Hospitals in Gaza: 420 patients and injured people have left the Gaza Strip since the start of the ceasefire last October, at an average rate of 70 cases per month.
Gaza Update: A 14-year-old boy has arrived at Al-Awda Hospital with a gunshot wound to the leg, inflicted by the Israeli occupation, on Jules Street, north of Al-Nuseirat Camp in central Gaza Strip.
#Gaza – the one that made the impossible happen in a time of failure.
🔴 Part of the settler incursions into Al-Aqsa Mosque under the protection of the Israeli police in the afternoon 🕌. After reopening Al-Aqsa, extremist Temple organizations announced an expansion of the incursions into the mosque to two periods, totaling up to 6.5 hours, in an attempt to gradually push for temporal division and establish themselves as an alternative to the Islamic Waqf.
Breaking | Settlers storm the eastern part of Kafr Malik village near Ramallah.
🔴🔴 Intensive surveillance drone flights over Nasser Hospital and central Khan Yunis.
Israeli forces detain several young men during a raid on the town of At-Taybeh north of Tulkarm.
#Watch | Settlers rampage around Palestinian homes in the Jumla area of Al-Minya village, southeast of Bethlehem.
#Breaking | The occupation forces are forcing shop owners to close their stores during their raid on Kifl Haris town, northwest of Salfit.
⚡ Israeli army: Yesterday, Gaza Division forces, with Shin Bet, struck a Hamas cell planning attacks near the yellow line in central Gaza.
Killed were Ali Sami Al-Shuqra (Al-Nahba faction leader, involved in Oct 7 abductions), Muhammad Al-Mabhuh (Al-Bureij Brigade commander), and Muhammad Fouad Jasser Al-Sayed (both involved in Aventan Or’s detention). Several Hamas elite, including rocket operators, were also killed.
Arab League: We condemn the occupation’s approval of 34 new settlements in the West Bank.

🇮🇷 Approaching the Strait of Hormuz with military vessels will be considered a violation of the ceasefire. - IRGC

In its 59th official statement, the Public Relations office of Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps Navy rejected claims made by hostile officials and affirmed that the Strait of Hormuz remains open and under secure, controlled management. Civilian vessels continue to pass safely under established regulations.

The IRGC Navy also stated that any military vessel attempting to approach the Strait, under any pretext, will be treated as a breach of the ceasefire and will face a firm and decisive response.

JUST IN - UK says it will not be involved in U.S. blockade of the Hormuz Strait, and is currently "urgently working with France and other partners to put together a wide coalition to protect the freedom of navigation."

@disclosetv

Today, the KC-135R Stratotanker, a refueling aircraft of the US Air Force, which was damaged in an Iranian ballistic missile attack on the Prince Sultan Air Base in Saudi Arabia, flew to the Mildenhall Air Base of the British Royal Air Force for repairs.

The aircraft can be seen severely damaged, with patched-up pieces of cloth covering the areas hit by shrapnel in most parts of the aircraft's structure.
🇮🇷⚡ The IRGC Navy has released footage showing its UAVs monitoring and surveilling maritime traffic in the Strait of Hormuz.
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡ An Ohio Air National Guard KC-135R Stratotanker, damaged in an Iranian ballistic missile strike on Prince Sultan Air Base, arrived today at RAF Mildenhall for repairs.

The aircraft bears visible shrapnel damage, with patchwork covering multiple sections of the airframe. In the same attack, the U.S. Air Force reportedly lost two KC-135Rs, one KC-46A Pegasus, and one E-3G Sentry at Prince Sultan Air Base.

Credit: Mark Lynham
🇮🇷🇮🇱⚡ The IRGC Intelligence Organization reports it has detained a suspect in Gilan Province on charges of spying for Israel’s Mossad intelligence service.

The individual underwent online training in explosives and was allegedly preparing to target sensitive facilities under Mossad guidance.

@IntelSlava
🇷🇺🇺🇦⚡ An improvised Russian air defense system based on a Ural-4320 and armed with R-77-1 was seen in Oryol, about 100 miles from the Ukrainian border.

The setup resembles “FrankenSAM”-style adaptations, repurposing air-to-air missiles for ground-based air defense against drones and other aerial threats, similar in concept to systems like the UK’s Raven SAM using ASRAAM missiles. However, the Russian configuration appears far more improvised rather than a purpose-built system.

Such adaptations reflect the growing demand for low-cost, rapid-deployment air defense solutions amid sustained drone activity.

@IntelSlava
🇮🇷🇺🇸⚡ The IRGC says the Strait of Hormuz remains open to non-military vessels under specific regulations, but stresses that all transit is subject to Iranian control.

It warned that any military vessels attempting to approach or enter the strait under any pretext would be treated as a violation of the ceasefire and met with a “firm and decisive response.”

@IntelSlava
— 🇮🇱🇮🇷❗️NEW: The Israeli KAN agency, citing senior Israeli security officials, says Israel is ready and wants to resume the war and is waiting for Trump's decision.

@IntelSlava






HERES THE DRUGE HEADLINES OF THE DAY AS OF RN: 
NO DEAL

USA TO BLOCKADE HORMUZ

ISRAEL TROOPS READY

CHINA ENTERS WAR?

Trump booed at UFC event as Vance announces Iran negotiations have failed...

'Limps' down stairs with 'swollen ankles' as health fears soar...

Control of Strait of Hormuz and Uranium Stockpiles Were Sticking Points...
AI CRISIS: Browsing history, messages, financial details could be released...

The 'Vulnpocalypse'...

Emergency Meeting With Banks...

Could threaten system...

Mutually Automated Destruction: Escalating Global AI Arms Race...


Amanda Ungaro: From sharing soirees with Trumps to being deported by ICE...

Reveals Epstein flight at 16...

DOWD: The Sphinx Thinks It Stinks...


ALEX JONES GIVES DON 'FINAL WARNING'...

Marjorie Taylor Greene Predicts Republican Bloodbath...
Crowd Goes Nuts Cheering When Comic Jokes About Trump Dying...
HERITAGE president toasted editor of controversial right-wing mag...
Global Jewish population at 15.8 million, still below pre-Holocaust levels...
NYC, DC Set to Swelter Under Record Heat Next Week...

Hawaii hasn't seen storms this bad in 1,000 years. What's behind it?
America's Fastest-Growing County Wonders if 'Paradise' Growing Too Fast...


END OF ORBAN?

Record turnout in Hungary pivotal vote... Developing...

Fraud accusations fly...
From coffee to home prices, costs up everywhere...
Panicked Race for Barrels Gripping Global Oil Market...

FUEL SHORTAGE FEARS EUROPE...


Life on Palm Beach Island not what it appears...

Someone Has to Be Happy. Why Not Lauren Sanchez Bezos?
Chinese cars will soon take over Britain's roads...

After Great EV Slowdown, High Gas Prices Tempting Americans Back...
Parrot goes underwater in custom-built 'submarine'...


Mexico Has Major Crush on Its Top Cop...
Missing nuke official becomes TENTH person tied to dark pattern surrounding US secrets...



Bieber COACHELLA chaos...

Sings along stream of own songs on laptop in bizarre set...

Stage closes after light falls on attendee...
Multiple injured in shooting as group of masked men storms CHICK-FIL-A...
Manhattan DA to investigate Swalwell sex assault allegation...

Accuser Speaks Out in Harrowing Interview...

Rep. paid illegal Brazilian live-in nanny under table with campaign funds, complaint alleges...

Scandal threatens cascade of House expulsion votes...
Machete-wielding maniac stabs 3 elderly straphangers at Grand Central Terminal...
The Airbnb 'sex dungeons' disturbing America's sleepy suburbs...
The $50,000 puppy: Pet debt crisis reaching breaking point...
What happens to your health if you stop having sex?
Masculinity in Crisis? These TV Shows Suggest Yes...

Lena Dunham Is Still Trying to Figure Out Why People Hated Her So Much...
Modern cults replacing leaders with 'life coaches'...





AND HERE ARE TRUMPS TRUTH SOCIAL POSTS SINCE LAST NIGHT: 
Avatar
Donald J. Trump

@realDonaldTrump

So, there you have it, the meeting went well, most points were agreed to, but the only point that really mattered, NUCLEAR, was not. Effective immediately, the United States Navy, the Finest in the World, will begin the process of BLOCKADING any and all Ships trying to enter, or leave, the Strait of Hormuz. At some point, we will reach an “ALL BEING ALLOWED TO GO IN, ALL BEING ALLOWED TO GO OUT” basis, but Iran has not allowed that to happen by merely saying, “There may be a mine out there somewhere,” that nobody knows about but them. THIS IS WORLD EXTORTION, and Leaders of Countries, especially the United States of America, will never be extorted. I have also instructed our Navy to seek and interdict every vessel in International Waters that has paid a toll to Iran. No one who pays an illegal toll will have safe passage on the high seas. We will also begin destroying the mines the Iranians laid in the Straits. Any Iranian who fires at us, or at peaceful vessels, will be BLOWN TO HELL! Iran knows, better than anyone, how to END this situation which has already devastated their Country. Their Navy is gone, their Air Force is gone, their Anti Aircraft and Radar are useless, Khamenei, and most of their “Leaders,” are dead, all because of their Nuclear ambition. The Blockade will begin shortly. Other Countries will be involved with this Blockade. Iran will not be allowed to profit off this Illegal Act of EXTORTION. They want money and, more importantly, they want Nuclear. Additionally and, at an appropriate moment, we are fully “LOCKED AND LOADED,” and our Military will finish up the little that is left of Iran! President DONALD J. TRUMP

Donald J. Trump

@realDonaldTrump

Iran promised to open the Strait of Hormuz, and they knowingly failed to do so. This caused anxiety, dislocation, and pain to many people and Countries throughout the World. They say they put mines in the water, even though all of their Navy, and most of their “mine droppers,” have been completely blown up. They may have done so, but what ship owner would want to take the chance? There is great dishonor and permanent harm to the reputation of Iran, and what’s left of their “Leaders,” but we are beyond all of that. As they promised, they better begin the process of getting this INTERNATIONAL WATERWAY OPEN AND FAST! Every Law in the book is being violated by them. I have been fully debriefed by Vice President JD Vance, Special Envoy Steve Witkoff, and Jared Kushner, on the meeting that took place in Islamabad through the kind and very competent leadership of Field Marshal Asim Munir, and Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif, of Pakistan. They are very extraordinary men, and continuously thank me for saving 30 to 50 million lives in what would have been a horrendous War with India. I always appreciate hearing that — The amount of Humanity spoken of is incomprehensible.
 
The meeting with Iran began early in the morning, and lasted throughout the night — Close to 20 hours. I could go into great detail, and talk about much that has been gotten but, there is only one thing that matters — IRAN IS UNWILLING TO GIVE UP ITS NUCLEAR AMBITIONS! In many ways, the points that were agreed to are better than us continuing our Military Operations to conclusion, but all of those points don’t matter compared to allowing Nuclear Power to be in the hands of such volatile, difficult, unpredictable people. My three Representatives, as all of this time went by, became, not surprisingly, very friendly and respectful of Iran’s Representatives, Mohammad-Bagher Ghalibaf, Abbas Araghchi, and Ali Bagheri, but that doesn’t matter because they were very unyielding as to the single most important issue and, as I have always said, right from the beginning, and many years ago, IRAN WILL NEVER HAVE A NUCLEAR WEAPON!



1.95k

ReTruths

7.35k

Likes
Apr 12, 2026, 11:30 AM






