heres the feed : 

‘I have NO FEAR of the Trump administration’ — Pope Leo

‘We’re not politicians’
‘The Mau Mau struggle was a struggle about land — resistance to colonial violence’

‘The British subjected the Agikoyo, a Kenyan African group, to rape, abuse, and forced separation’ — Prof. PLO Lumumba for RT Africa

WATCH FULL
MEDVEDEV: Many countries want to de-block Hormuz

White House has decided to block it

Blocking = de-blocking?

What’s next? Sure, war is peace…
EU sets 27 CONDITIONS for Hungary’s new PM to unfreeze €35 billion FUNDS — FT

It includes unblocking €90 billion loan to Ukraine, lifting veto on sanctions package against Russia, as well as anti-corruption checks and reversal of Orban-era decisions deemed to violate EU rules
Netanyahu marks Holocaust Remembrance Day with ATTACK ON Europe

Says Europe should 'LEARN' FROM ISRAEL how to 'GO TO WAR for the sake of good'

'Europe is now afflicted with a deep moral weakness, losing control of its identity'
Netanyahu on Holocaust Remembrance Day: 

We were a beaten animal crying in agony

Today, we have a strong nation that roars with power
‘I don’t think they’ve ever taken a course on Western civilization’ — Hillary Clinton

‘It is about how we hold leaders accountable so they don't become autocrats and dictators, and how they don't lead us into reckless wars, and really unhinged attacks on the first American Pope’
Netanyahu: Iran’s nuclear and military sites would be ANOTHER 'AUSCHWITZ'

Had it not been for his 'historic partnership with Trump'
‘It’s about what we should stand for that he positions himself against, using slogans like Western civilization’ — Hillary Clinton on Trump

‘And admiring somebody like PUTIN, who wants to destroy Western civilization’

Clinton’s crew exported chaos in the name of Western civ
Butler man who went by ‘MR SATAN’ threatened to kill Trump

Shawn Monper pleaded guilty for two counts of threatening to assault and murder US officials and federal law enforcement officers

‘Eventually im going to do a mass shooting,’ he posted online
‘It’s unbelievable that any president would speak this way against the Pope, that any president would try to pick a fight with seemingly the entire Catholic Church’ — Jesuit priest Father Sam Sawyer
‘CAN’T say there’s total collapse of dialogue’ between US and Iran — Security and Defense Analyst Major General Zahid Mаhmood

‘Dialogue’s ON… serious differences… on Hormuz and nuclear issue’

‘This is a LONG conflict… history of around 47 years… processes do take time’
‘We have served the Hungarian people faithfully for decades, and we will continue to do so in the years ahead’ — Orban issues statement after loss

‘Today, the work has begun’
Trump hits out at 'Failing NYT' over Iran — 'TOTALLY OBLITERATED militarily & otherwise'

It's a disaster of two people: Benjamin Netanyahu and Donald Trump. They are both MENTALLY UNSTABLE as individuals, and they both lead ruthless governments’ — Jeffrey Sachs

‘Both are waging war relentless, brutally’
Russian FM Lavrov in call with Iran's Araghchi on April 11 Iran–US talks:

Russia welcomes push for 'long-term stabilization'

Warns against renewed conflict

Reaffirms non-military solution

Offers condolences over officials killed in strikes
‘It was a war not even to say of choice, but of whim, of Netanyahu and Trump’ — Jeffrey Sachs

‘This is basically a war chosen by one person, with the sycophantic Secretary of Defense, all the rest of his tiny inside team going along, but knowing that this is tragic and farcical’
Congressman Swalwell RESIGNS after sexual assault allegations
Trump REVERSES DECISION to take down GAY PRIDE FLAG at Stonewall National Monument — Reuters

According to a court filing, the Trump administration has agreed to restore the flag at the location deemed the birthplace of gay rights in the US

Footage: CBS New York on February 12, 2026
'Israel is asking us to surrender' — Hezbollah's Naim Qassem on Lebanon-Israel talks

'Whoever wants to surrender can do this on their own'

'But we will fight till the very last breath'

'LEBANON WILL NOT SURRENDER'
‘Maybe Trump has forgotten what's written in that Bible, or more likely, he never knew it in the first place’ — Chuck Schumer on Trump’s Pope Leo comments

‘It's the same Donald Trump who has called the Bible his favorite book on the campaign trail, but can't name a single verse’
US military spreads 16 warships across the Middle East — NONE in the Persian Gulf — AP

Officials: blockade announced — enforcement 'still unclear'
‘I wouldn’t just say that things went wrong, I also think things went right’ — JD Vance on Iran negotiations

‘We made a lot of progress’
Trump wants Iran to SUCCEED —  Vance

But accuses Tehran of ‘ECONOMIC TERRORISM’

‘Two can play at that game’
‘We MUST HAVE the enriched material out of Iran. We MUST HAVE their conclusive commitment to not develop a nuclear weapon’ — JD Vance

‘The ball is very much in their court’
Vance tells Pope to stick to ‘matters of morality and Catholic Church’
'I'M SAD HE LOST' — JD Vance on Viktor Orban

'One of the few Europeans to protect American interests in Brussels'

'He's been a good partner to the United States'
‘I think the president was posting a joke’ — JD Vance on Trump’s Jesus image

‘He took it down because he recognized that a lot of people weren't understanding his humor’

‘One of the good things about this president is that he’s not filtered’
Tony Gonzales announces he is RETIRING from office after Eric Swalwell resigned

Gonzales admitted to having an affair with one of his staffers
‘People were CONFUSED’ — Trump explains to CBS why he took down the photo depicting him as Jesus

'Normally I don't like doing that, but I didn't want to have anybody be confused’
‘I didn't listen to Riley Gaines. I'm not a big fan of Riley, actually’ — Trump on whether Gaines saying he lacks ‘humility’ is why he took down the Jesus photo
Hormuz must be FULLY open — JD VANCE

Says Iran attempted to delay reopening during talks — 'We made it very clear that’s unacceptable'

'If they don’t reopen the strait — it fundamentally changes our negotiations'
'I am a staunch SUPPORTER of Israel — a staunch OPPONENT of Netanyahu' — Hillary Clinton

Says 'he's stayed too long... undermined Israel's long-term security'

'Very worried about what's happening'
US KILL 2 as ‘drug vessel’ erupts in MASSIVE explosion
Trump and Melania greet the king and queen of the Netherlands at the White House
MTG says Swalwell and Gonzales are out of Congress due to being ‘linked to JEFFREY EPSTEIN type sexual issues’

‘I resigned from Congress because I fought President Trump to release the Epstein files and he called me a traitor and threatened to destroy me’
Iranian delegation forced into last-minute aircraft switch after talks — Prof Marandi

Says JD Vance abruptly ended talks — with WaPo piece 'sending a message'

'Changed planes, landed in Mashhad instead of Tehran' — 'Iranians felt threatened'

'No one wanted to stay in Pakistan'
THEY DON’T GIVE 2 SH*TS ABOUT THE STRAIT OF HORMUZ — Megyn Kelly on Trump

‘He’s COLLAPSED NOW with white-working class voters’
Netanyahu WEIGHING return to FIGHTING with Iran — WaPo

'Israel must be prepared for any development'
Christ or Doctor? The public DECIDES
IT’S ENOUGH — IT’S ENOUGH — SOMEBODY SAID TAKE IT DOWN YOU’VE OFFENDED 1.4 BILLION CATHOLICS — Megyn Kelly on Trump MEME
[Trump] HE’S TRULY UNDER DEMONIC INFLUENCE — CANDACE

‘HE’S NOTHING LIKE JESUS CHRIST… HE’S NOT EVEN A CHRISTIAN’

‘YOU CANNOT SUPPORT TRUMP’
White House remains SILENT on possibility of renewed Iran talks — AP

Comes amid earlier reports of possible second-round negotiations

Leavitt: US 'red lines are clear' — says Iran faces 'increased desperation' under Trump's blockade
'I think Paula White put a SPELL on Trump' — Candace Owens
'What's happening with Trump is unlike him, he has an EVIL FORCE around him' — Vin Oshana

'WE ALL KNOW WHO HIJACKED HIM'
'Girl filming Rep. Swalwell UNDERAGE' — Rep. Luna
Is this the same woman? 

Doordash Grandma identified as Ms. Simmons — previously supporting GOP tax policies

Source: MeidasTouch
Candace Owens says Trump surrounded by 'NUT JOBS'

LAURA LOOMER — 'forcibly placed on Psych 5150 Hold' — Number 1 advisor

PAULA WHITE — Says he's akin to 'JESUS CHRIST'

'So far in the cave — convinced of his own invincibility'
Riley Gaines' feelings not hurt by President's post — 'wants to spend eternity in Heaven'

??
King of the Netherlands — currently  hosted at the White House, seen leaving Bilderberg 2026 in Washington DC

Source: freemanreporter
Iranian economy in 'CRIPPLING DEPRESSION' — Blockade costing $400M a day... $13B A MONTH!  

'The Iranians CAN'T outlast us!'
Russian FM Lavrov greeted in Beijing

On the agenda are Russian-Chinese cooperation, situation in Ukraine & Middle East
TREACHEROUS MOMENT WAR-NADO MAKES LANDFALL IN TRUMAN, MINNESOTA
Pelosi: 'WE DIDN'T KNOW' ABOUT SWALWELL

TOP candidate in California
PAKISTAN PROPOSES SECOND ROUND OF TALKS IN ISLAMABAD — AP

'Proposal PENDING on whether parties request a different location'
Lindsey Graham: 'Biggest change in 2000 YEARS would be Saudi Arabia recognizing Jewish state' 👀
US Sec of State Marco Rubio TO HOST Tuesday talks between Israel & Lebanon — Axios
Pope doesn't understand the EVIL OF IRAN — Lindsey Graham

'You're miscalculating here, Pope!'

Channel 12: Hezbollah launched more than 400 rockets and 40 drones since the ceasefire with Iran, causing direct damage to 25 buildings.

@wfwitness
Situation in southern Lebanon as of April 13, 2026 - Central sector:

Over the last week, Israeli forces significantly intensified their offensive in the central sector, aimed at encircling the town of Rmaych and capturing the strategic city of Bint Jbeil. 

In the east, the IDF expanded their foothold in eastern Aainata, clearing the central and western parts of the town, and engaging in fierce clashes with Hezbollah who continuously shelled Israeli positions with rockets and struck Israeli armoured vehicles with FPV drones. 

Israeli forces were able to then enter the northern neighbourhoods of Bint Jbeil from the north, while simultaneously breaking through from the south, clearing the western and northern streets, and encircling Hezbollah cells in the city centre, southern and eastern neighbourhoods. Fighting is now ongoing for the very dense old city, where Israeli forces managed to clear the northwestern blocks, and are now fighting for the rest of the city centre. Advances operations are also taking place in the northeastern streets of the city.

Furthermore, the IDF advanced northwest from Yaroun to the town of Ain Ebel, capturing its eastern streets and expanding the blockade around Bint Jbeil. 

In the west, Israeli forces advanced east from Qouzah and captured the village of Debl, before turning south and clearing the neighbouring town of Hanine. This advance effectively encircles the town of Rmyach, which largely remains under Hezbollah control. Israeli forces are also carrying out attacks southeast from Ayta ash Shab towards the northwestern outskirts of Rmyach. 

Further northwest, the IDF cleared the remaining parts of northern Beit Lif and broke through northeast across the valley into the neighbouring town of Rchaf, which was subsequently captured. From there, they advanced north and captured the town of Srebbine, from which they are infiltrating northwest into Yater, while other forces moved northeast to the outskirts of Haddatha.

+ ~21.12 km² in favour of the IDF. 

Interactive map link: https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=117K6_EiFdWYEK7LQKHjRSsjsHK7xVN8&ll=33.132269609333946%2C35.51827932442546&z=13

The IDF has since confirmed my map update showing the encirclement of Bint Jbeil.
Here's a closer up view of the current situation in Bint Jbeil, which the IDF recently encircled.

The yellow outline represents the city limits, while the red outline represents the dense old city.
Unidentified missile in Sumy Oblast
2 missiles
Approaching Sumy City from the north
Explosion on the outskirts of Sumy
another missile to Sumy
Flying in from the northeast. 5 km away
4th missile to Sumy. These are likely Tornado-S rockets.
These were Tornado-S rockets. 4 have been used so far, striking at least three separate targets north of Sumy City near Stetskivka, Velyka Chernechchyna, and Pishchane.
I apologise for the delay, 
March Km2 figure (net territory)

*Remember this is a net figure of Ukrainian territory. 
If Ukraine gains on one axis, and Russia gains on another, it will cancel each other out.
Ukraine had success down in the south, whilst Russia pushed harder in the north
Every single March since the onset of the attritional setting for this war in early 2023 has been a low month for territorial gains. This is mainly due to poor weather conditions and the mud season, but Ukraine's "drone wall" tactics have made advances even more difficult for Russia. Expect advances to speed up in the near future.

People from Qom, central Iran, held a 25-km car convoy to Jamkaran Mosque to reaffirm their allegiance to Ayatollah Seyed Mojtaba Khamenei.

@PressTV
Yemeni artist Kamal Sharaf's new cartoon on Trump's Iran naval blockade threat

@PressTV
Pope Leo pledges to continue to speak out against war after Trump attack

Pope Leo XIV says he will continue to speak out against war and suffering after US President Donald Trump said he was not “a fan of the pope” over the pontiff’s condemnation of the US-Israeli aggression against Iran.

@PressTV
Reza Vedadi, researcher and author, explains how Trump would implement his naval blockade against Iran.

@PressTV
The Handala hacking group announced that it carried out a large-scale retaliatory cyber operation, targeting two major steel companies—Foulath in Bahrain and SULB in Saudi Arabia—saying they were fully infiltrated and temporarily knocked offline.

@PressTV
A heavy Israeli airstrike hit the town of Choukin in southern Lebanon.

@PressTV
🔴 Boroujerdi, a member of Commission on National Security and Foreign Policy:

🔺 If the US truly intended to confront Iran, it would not be withdrawing its carriers from the region out of fear of Iran’s missile and naval cruise capabilities.

🔺 Donald Trump’s recent claims about a military blockade of the Strait of Hormuz are unfounded and purely propaganda.

🔺 US president has no real ability to block the Strait of Hormuz, and even NATO members would not support such a move.

🔺 Any military unit attempting to act on such claims would be “sent to the bottom of the sea” by Iran’s armed forces before taking any action.

@PressTV
Iran’s VP hails Spain’s ‘humanitarian’ stance in opposing US-Israeli aggression

Iran’s First Vice President Mohammad Reza Aref has underscored the importance of standing resolutely against aggression, praising Spain’s “humanitarian” stance in opposing US-Israeli war against the Islamic Republic.

@PressTV
Member of the martyred leader's office, Mehdi Fazaeli, says the US and Israel thought that by assassinating the Leader of Iran the country would descend into chaos; however, not only has that not happened, but the martyred Leader's path will continue with stronger resolve.

Watch in full

@Unscripted_PTV
🔴 Brigadier General Reza Talaei-Nik, spokesperson for Iran’s Ministry of Defense:

🔺 Any military intervention by foreign powers in the security of the Strait of Hormuz would escalate crisis and instability in global energy security.

🔺 Iran, based on clear and logical principles, is responsible for the security and management of the Strait of Hormuz.

Iran, with full control over the Strait, will not allow any interference or aggression by US or other foreign forces.

🔺 Trump, like his other failed policies, would also fail in any attempt to interfere militarily in the Strait of Hormuz and Sea of Oman, and would bring further defeat to the US and the world.

🔺 Trump’s policies and alignment with Netanyahu and the Israeli regime would drag the US deeper into a “quagmire” of further failures.

🔺 Iran has no hesitation in delivering a decisive and regrettable response to any aggressor, including Israel and the United States, in the Strait of Hormuz and elsewhere.

@PressTV
Iran's Foreign Ministry spokesman Baghaei on Trump's naval blockade threat:

Can an illegal “war of choice” be won through a “revenge of choice” against the global economy?!

Is it ever worthwhile to cut off one’s nose to spite one’s face?!

@PressTV
Iranians from all walks of life take to the streets to express support for the government and armed forces for the 43rd consecutive night.

@PressTV
Iran's Foreign Ministry spokesman Baghaei slams Trump's insulting remarks about Pope Leo XIV: 

Insulting Pope Leo XIV is not only 'unchristian'; it is a blatant assault on responsible advocacy for peace, justice and humanity.

@PressTV
🔴 Prominent Iranian Shia cleric Ayatollah Nouri Hamedani has issued a statement expressing support for resistance forces, particularly Hezbollah in Lebanon, and condemning the arrest and mistreatment of Shia Muslims by some regional governments:

🔺 All supporters of freedom should condemn these actions and back resistance groups, especially Hezbollah, and that the people of Lebanon should know that they are not alone.

🔺 There are reports of growing pressure on Shia communities in several countries across the region.

🔺 Those countries must stop following Western and Israeli influence, to safeguard their nations’ dignity, end arrests and restrictions, and work toward greater unity in the Islamic world.

@PressTV
Spanish PM Sánchez condemns Trump's insulting comments about Pope Leo XI:

"He who sows winds, reaps tempests."

While some sow the world with wars, Leo XIV sows peace, with bravery and courage.

It will be an honor to receive him in Spain in a few weeks.

@PressTV

A memorial was held in Sydney, Australia, to honor the schoolchildren martyred in Minab, southern Iran.

@PressTV
🔴 Iran’s IRGC Ground Force commander Brigadier General Mohammad Karami:

🔺 Iran’s armed forces have established a multi-layered security belt and the enemy’s confusion on the ground is due to the readiness of Iranian combat units.

🔺Iran is a “prison and quagmire” for any aggressor, with the humiliating US defeat in Isfahan as a clear example.

@PressTV
Handala released images showing its hack of the computer systems of major steel industry  in Saudi Arabia and Bahrain.

@PressTV
Finland's President Alexander Stubb:

Iran’s control over the Strait of Hormuz has become like a real nuclear weapon, and Tehran currently holds many leverage cards.

@PressTV
Pope Leo XIV says he will continue to speak out against war following the verbal attack by US President Donald Trump.

@PressTV
🔴 IRGC spokesperson Brigadier General Hossein Mohebi

🔺 If the war continues, we will reveal capabilities the enemy has no idea exist.

🔺 We will also introduce new forms of warfare that the enemy will have little ability to counter.

@PressTV
Iran on blockade of Hormuz: US can’t win ‘war of choice’ through ‘revenge of choice’ 

Iran has condemned the US attempt to impose a naval blockade of the Strait of Hormuz, questioning whether a “revenge of choice” against the global economy can be an option to win an unlawful “war of choice.”

@PressTV
🔴 Hezbollah Secretary General Naim Qassem delivers speech:

🔺We face existential threat, greater Israeli project and we choose to defend Lebanon 

🔺 This is not an Israeli security operation but a war to devour Lebanon and its people 

🔺 We reject negotiations with Israeli occupation 

🔺 We will stay in battlefield until our last breath 

🔺 Do not twist facts, we are fighting aggression on Lebanon, not others' wars 

🔺 We are victorious. Victory means staying in field and hurting enemy

🔺 US, Israel and their agents seek to create sedition. They want army to fight resistance

🔺 Resistance conducted 42 operation against enemy on a daily basis

🔺 Iran surprised US, Israeli enemy with its resilience, strength, and unity

@PressTV
Man

at one of Tehran’s nightly gatherings: 

🇮🇷 "We fear no threats. We stand for our land, our ideals, and our country, until the last drop of blood."

@PressTV
🔺Rabbi Yisroel Dovid Weiss states that the Zionists use the Holocaust to scare the Jewish people into wanting security. He also argues that this tactic unjustly vilifies the Palestinian people.


Watch in full here 

#HiddenFiles

@PressTVPrograms
Russia warns Trump’s threats against Strait of Hormuz will roil global markets  

Russia has warned of “negative” consequences for global markets following US President Donald Trump’s threat to impose a blockade on the Strait of Hormuz.

@PressTV
“This is a war for Israel” 

Karen Kwiatkowski, retired US Air Force lieutenant colonel and former Pentagon analyst, explains why the US started the war against Iran.

@PressTV
Hezbollah Secretary-General Sheikh Naim Qassem emphasized that the Israeli regime demands Lebanon's surrender, but the resistance will confront the regime until the last breath.

@PressTV
Hezbollah Secretary-General Sheikh Naim Qassem stressed that Muslim nations must unite to defeat their adversaries, pointing out that even the US, despite all its power and capabilities, still seeks out allies.

@PressTV
Iran will surprise aggressors with new tactics and capabilities if war resumes: IRGC

The Islamic Revolution Guards Corps (IRGC) warns that the Iranian armed forces did not use their full capacity in their reprisal missile and drone attacks against US and Israeli assets across the region, and will unveil new capabilities that are far beyond the enemy’s imagination in the event of renewed aggression.

@PressTV
Iran's Parliament Speaker Qalibaf hails Pope Leo XIV’s stance against the US-Israeli war crimes:

Honoring Pope Leo’s fearless stand!

“I have no fear” echoes as he condemns the war crimes of Israel and the US. 

This slogan lights the path for all who refuse to stay silent on the killing of innocents.

Pope Leo XIV leadership inspires millions – thank you for this light!

@PressTV


Prominent Iranian cleric Ayatollah Nouri Hamedani praised Pope Leo XIV in a letter for his stance against US-Israeli war crimes:

🔺 Your “courageous stance” against US arrogance and “corrupt Zionism” was one of the most important positions taken, and would secure your name and actions a lasting place in history.

🔺 This position shows that throughout history there have always been enlightened scholars of divine religions who defend humanity and human rights, even at great personal cost.

🔺 We express appreciation for your position as the respected leader of Catholics and a bearer of the message of Jesus Christ (peace be upon him). What you expressed is deeply rooted in the core teachings of Islam.

@PressTV
Member of the martyred leader's office, Mehdi Fazaeli, says the US and Israel thought that by assassinating the Leader of Iran the country would descend into chaos; however, not only has that not happened, but the martyred Leader's path will continue with stronger resolve.

Watch in full

@Unscripted_PTV
China says end of US hostilities against Iran only solution to Hormuz crisis ‎ 

China has called for an immediate end to hostilities as the only viable path to resolving tensions in the Strait of Hormuz.

@PressTV
Ayatollah Nouri Hamedani hails Pope Leo's 'courageous stance' against US arrogance, Zionism

Grand Ayatollah Nouri Hamedani has written a letter to Pope Leo XIV, leader of the world's Catholics, praising the pontiff's courageous stance against the American-Zionist alliance, calling it a position that will "immortalize" his name and conduct. 

@PressTV
‘National resistance’ shattered enemy dream of Iran’s collapse: Pezeshkian 

President Masoud Pezeshkian says the enemies’ dream of forcing Iran to collapse did not come true as the Iranian nation displayed great “resistance and perseverance” during the imposed war.  

@PressTV
A group of taxi drivers held a car rally in the northwestern Iranian city of Ahar to express support for the government and armed forces. 

@PressTV
Hacker group says it penetrated Saudi, Bahraini steel giants

Pro-resistance hacker group Handala says it has penetrated computer systems of two giant steel-making companies in the Arab world, causing complete disruption to their operations.

@PressTV
NATO allies refuse to participate in US blockade of Strait of Hormuz  

The United States’ NATO allies have refused to take part in US President Donald Trump’s plan to blockade the Strait of Hormuz, as Iran warns Washington and its partners against any miscalculation in the Persian Gulf.

@PressTV
Senior political s

cientist John Mearsheimer:

"US naval blockade of the Strait of Hormuz not only won't work, it's counterproductive"

@PressTV
Nearly dozen journalists martyred in US-Israeli strikes on Iran, Lebanon  

‎Iran’s Media Basij Organization says at least eleven journalists and media activists have been martyred in Israeli strikes on Iran and Lebanon over the past few weeks.

@PressTV
An Armenian business figure donated medical supplies to Iran, delivered via the embassy in Yerevan and handed over to the Iranian Red Crescent.

@PressTV
Israel seeks to draw Lebanon into internal war, sectarian strife: Muslim scholars  

The International Union of Muslim Scholars has warned that the Israeli regime is seeking to draw Lebanon into internal war and sectarian strife amid ongoing aggression by the Tel Aviv regime against the Arab country.

@PressTV
Iranians continue to hold rallies in support of Islamic Republic amid US-Israeli threats

 Moein Amini reports from Tehran. 

@PressTV
Iran’s UN ambassador Amir Saeid Iravani has demanded compensation from five regional states—Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, and Jordan—for involvement in the US-Israeli war against Iran.

Iravani added that the states' actions amounted to internationally wrongful conduct, violating their obligations under international law, and argued that they must fully compensate Iran for both material and non-material damages.

@PressTV
Jeffrey Sachs: 

"Netanyahu and Trump are both mentally unstable as individuals and they both lead ruthless governments"

@PressTV
A 22-year-old IRGC soldier lost both hands beside a missile launcher—before he could even hold his newborn—so no child in this land would have to tremble in fear.

@PressTV
Iranians flood Tehran's Enghelab Square to once again show their unwavering support for the government and armed forces.

@PressTV
Hezbollah chief: 'Lebanese resistance will not surrender, the battlefield will speak'

Hezbollah Secretary General Sheikh Naim Qassem has said that the Lebanese Islamic resistance will confront the ongoing Israeli-American aggression against the people of Lebanon and demanded immediate implementation of the November 2024 ceasefire agreement.

@PressTV
Pezeshkian: Iran will only continue talks within framework of international law

President Masoud Pezeshkian has firmly reiterated that Iran will continue all negotiations exclusively within the framework of international law and regulations, while underscoring Tehran’s firm commitment to diplomacy, regional stability and the protection of its national rights in the face of the US-Israeli war of aggression.

@PressTV

Iran FM: US ‘excessive demands’ hindered deal in Islamabad talks  

The Iranian foreign minister says Washington’s “excessive demands” hampered an agreement during the negotiations in Pakistan aimed at a conclusive end to the US-Israeli aggression against the Islamic Republic.

@PressTV
✍🏻 April 13: Hezbollah’s operations against Zionist regime in response to truce breach

Shortly after the Iran-US ceasefire, Israel violated the truce with Lebanon strikes. In retaliation, Hezbollah has been targeting Israeli military sites and other assets across the occupied territories. 

@PressTV
Fidan: ‘Israel cannot live without an enemy’ and seeks to declare Turkey as one

Turkish Foreign Minister Hakan Fidan says Israel “cannot live without an enemy” and the incumbent cabinet led by Benjamin Netanyahu is now seeking to declare the Ankara government as its new enemy.

@PressTV
Yemen may close key Red Sea strait amid US threats to blockade Iran: Report

Yemen may decide to close a key waterway connecting the Red Sea to the Gulf of Aden to help Iran tackle a US blockade of Iranian ports, an analyst has warned.

@PressTV
‘Unhinged’: Ex-CIA chief says Trump unfit for office, must be removed over Iran war

Former CIA director John Brennan has called for the removal of US President Donald Trump from office, following a series of explosive threats he issued last week, including suggesting the destruction of the entire Iranian civilization.

@PressTV
Khodaei secures Iran's first gold at 2026 World Taekwondo Junior C’ships

Mohammad Erfan Khodaei delivered an absolute masterclass to capture Iran’s first gold medal at the 15th World Taekwondo Junior Championships in Uzbekistan.

@PressTV
Pezeshkian slams Trump’s insult to Pope amid condemnation of war on Iran 

Iranian President Masoud Pezeshkian censures “insult” to Pope Leo XIV following his condemnation of the unlawful act of aggression by the United States and the Israeli regime against the Islamic Republic.

@PressTV
Gaza factions deliver disarmament plan

Minas Al-Jabbour reports from Gaza City.

@PressTV
Protest held against France’s controversial ‘Yadan law’ proposal

Peter Humi reports from Paris.

@PressTV
Ceremony held in Vienna to honor Iran’s martyred leader

Dieter Reinisch reports from Vienna.

@PressTV
US, Israel waged war on Iran while region already reeling from their crimes

Motee Abu Musabeh reports from Gaza City.

@PressTV

Air raid sirens sounded in northern occupied Palestine after reports of a Hezbollah drone strike.

@PressTV
✍️ Feature -From Carter to Trump: Iran's frozen assets top $100bn in 47-year US economic war

From the $8 billion frozen by the Carter administration in 1979 to over $100 billion today, Irans assets remain trapped abroad as part of a long-running US economic war against the Iranian nation. 

By Ivan Kesic 

@PressTV
"Iran is not alone" 

A message of solidarity from the people of Pakistan to the Iranian nation.

@PressTV
MisEastream: Leverage Lost, Power Shift

WATCH: 
This episode unpacks a decisive turning point in the war, where the United States appears to be negotiating from a position shaped not by its own leverage, but by conditions imposed by Tehran. As a so-called ceasefire unravels in southern Lebanon under continued airstrikes, the gap between diplomatic narratives and battlefield realities grows increasingly stark. With negotiations on the brink and escalation ongoing, the program examines whether this moment marks a temporary disruption—or a lasting shift in the regional balance of power.

@PresstvPrograms
People in Babol, northern Iran, hold a huge march in support of the government and armed forces.

@PressTV
US Senator Elizabeth Warren blasts Trump for making Americans pay the price of his "illegal war" on Iran:

Since Trump started his illegal war with Iran, Americans have paid $8.4 billion more at the gas pump.

Each American family has also shelled out an additional $1,700 to pay for Trump’s chaotic, illegal tariffs.

American families are footing the bill for Trump’s reckless policies.

@PressTV
Eric Swalwell, a Democratic congressman from California and Tony Gonzales, a Republican lawmaker from Texas, both backed by pro-Israel lobbying groups, have announced plans for resignation from Congress following public pressure over sexual misconduct.

@PressTV
The emergency department of Tebnine Hospital in southern Lebanon was damaged in an Israeli airstrike.

@PressTV
Tehran warns of dangerous repercussions from US provocations in Persian Gulf and Strait of Hormuz

Iran’s Foreign Minister Abbas Araghchi has warned against the perilous consequences of provocative US actions in the Persian Gulf and the Strait of Hormuz, emphasizing that such reckless moves endanger peace and security not only in the region but across the entire world.

@PressTV
Iran's UN envoy: US naval blockade gross violation of Iran's sovereignty and territorial integrity

Iran’s Ambassador to the UN Amir Saeid Iravani has strongly condemned the United States' imposition of a naval blockade on Iranian ports as a flagrant violation of Iran's sovereignty and territorial integrity, calling it an illegal act of aggression that threatens regional and international peace and security.

@PressTV

Trump deleted his AI-generated image on TRUTH Social, depicting himself as Jesus Christ.
🇺🇸⚡️🇮🇷 — Trump attacks the media for saying he’s losing in Iran, calling it “fake news” and asking, “have they no shame? have they no sense of decency?”
🇱🇧 Dignified and honorable Hezbollah resistance fighter targeted and martyred by Israeli FPV drone in southern Lebanon 

These are the young men of Lebanon that lay their lives in the cause of الله (Allah) swt defending their honor and the honor of their people. These are the sons of Husayn (as) and graduates of the school of Karbala 

 Israeli FPV drone view and surveillance drone shown in videos
🇱🇧 Hezbollah Martyr concludes his life with a final prayer, passing the blessings attained with his fighting hands 🤲🏼 to his face that will glow and shine upon the world of the hereafter. As the Quran informs us … 

 إِنَّ ٱلۡأَبۡرَارَ لَفِی نَعِیمٍ﴿ ٢٢ ﴾ 

‎ عَلَى ٱلۡأَرَاۤىِٕكِ یَنظُرُونَ﴿ ٢٣ ﴾ 

‎ تَعۡرِفُ فِی وُجُوهِهِمۡ نَضۡرَةَ ٱلنَّعِیمِ﴿ ٢٤ ﴾ 

Surely the virtuous will be in bliss {22} ˹seated˺ on ˹canopied˺ couches, gazing around {23} You will recognize on their faces the glow of delight {24}

Quran: Al-Muṭaffifīn 83, Ayah 22-24
🇺🇸 US President Donald Trump on the posting of an image depicting himself as Jesus Christ

“I thought it was me as a doctor”
🇮🇷⚡️75-Year-Old Iranian Mother Volunteers for Frontline Duty

A 75-year-old mother at a police station in Bandar Abbas has gone viral after insisting on joining the “Janfada” campaign to be sent to the war front. With unwavering confidence, she declared: “If my name is on the list, Israel will be destroyed.”
🇮🇷⚡️🇮🇱🇺🇸 77 cases of damage to historical buildings and palace museums in Tehran have been reported as a result of US–Israel strikes against the country — 27 of the damaged monuments date back to the Qajar era.

The Secretary of the Committee for Protection of Tehran’s Historical Buildings was cited by IRNA.
🇺🇸🇮🇱🇱🇧⚡️CNN, citing a U.S. State Department official: Rubio will take part in the direct talks between Israel and Lebanon on Tuesday.
🇭🇺 🇺🇸 'Soros has taken over Hungary' — Musk
🇺🇸 🇮🇱 Eric Swalwell, a Democratic congressman from California, and Tony Gonzales, a Republican lawmaker from Texas—both backed by pro-Israel lobbying groups—have announced plans to resign from Congress following public pressure over sexual misconduct.
🇺🇸⚡️🇮🇷 Hillary Clinton:
It's shocking that Trump said nobody told him that Iran might close the Strait of Hormuz. 

Every war game I was ever involved in, that was the first thing we assumed Iran would do. 

We're in a situation now where we are weak, where we essentially have lost the leverage and initiative that we had.
🇮🇷⚡️🇮🇱 “93% of Jewish Israelis support more war on Iran and the destruction of Iran”

— Alastair Crooke, a former British diplomat and MI6 intelligence officer who founded and directs the Beirut-based Conflicts Forum.
🇺🇸🇮🇱⚡️🇮🇷 Hillary Clinton on Netanyahu's desire to drag US into war with Iran:

I know from personal experience how Netanyahu has tried to get every American president to agree to have an open-ended war with Iran. 

I had many, many long, hours-long conversations. with him and his war cabinet about this and refusing to go along with a very inchoate desire to do something to Iran with no real end state that could be described sufficiently.
🇺🇸 Americans, no outrage? 

Footage: blunts4jesus
🇮🇷⚡️🇮🇱🇺🇸 Pakistan proposes second round of talks in Islamabad — AP
🇮🇩🇺🇸⚡️Indonesia claims to be “non-aligned,” but under Prabowo it keeps moving closer to Washington

Indonesia Defense Minister signed the Major Defense Cooperation Partnership (MDCP) with the Pentagon.

The deal focuses on military modernization, joint training, maritime security, autonomous systems, and interoperability -- especially around the Strait of Malacca, one of the world’s most strategic sea lanes. In practice, this strengthens Washington’s footprint in a region Indonesia claims to guard independently.

Adding to the controversy, reports emerged of a draft Letter of Intent that would ease U.S. military overflight access through Indonesian airspace. Officials insist it is only preliminary and sovereignty remains protected, but many see the trend clearly.

Prabowo’s regime keeps stumbling -- from joining Trump’s Board of Peace, pledging 8,000 troops for Gaza, approving controversial cross-border data access for U.S. interests, and now handing Washington deeper military ties over the Malacca lifeline.

he Israeli army is dropping flares in the sky over Tyre in southern Lebanon.

 @alsaa_plus_EN
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️ — Talks between Washington and Tehran are still ongoing.

– Reuters

 @alsaa_plus_EN
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️ — Washington and Tehran had completed 80% of the agreement before the negotiations hit an unresolved decision point.

– Reuters

 @alsaa_plus_EN
🇺🇸⚡️🇮🇷 — President Trump via Truth Social: 

For those people that still read The Failing New York Times and, despite the fact that Iran has been totally OBLITERATED, Militarily, and otherwise, you would think that Iran is actually winning or, at the very least, doing quite well — But that’s not true, and The New York Times knows that it’s FAKE NEWS! When does this Corrupt Media Outlet apologize for their LIES and horrible actions against me, my supporters, and our Country itself! HAVE THEY NO SHAME? HAVE THEY NO SENSE OF DECENCY?

 @alsaa_plus_EN
🇺🇸🇵🇰🇮🇷⚡️ — There was great hope in the Islamabad talks, but things changed quickly.

– Reuters, citing a Pakistani government source.

 @alsaa_plus_EN
🇱🇧🇺🇸🇮🇱⚡️ — Israeli Channel 15, citing sources: 

The meeting between the Israeli ambassador and the Lebanese ambassador will be held on Tuesday at 11:00 a.m. Washington time.

 @alsaa_plus_EN
🇺🇸🇵🇰🇮🇷⚡️ — US–Iran discussions are underway to hold another round of direct negotiations to reach a long-term ceasefire.

The aim of the talks is to hold a new round of discussions before the current ceasefire expires.

Islamabad is among the proposed locations for any new round of US–Iran talks.

– Bloomberg, citing informed sources.

 @alsaa_plus_EN
🇺🇸🇮🇷⚡️ — Iran has expressed its willingness to suspend uranium enrichment for approximately five years.

– The New York Times, citing Iranian officials and a U.S. official.

 @alsaa_plus_EN
🇺🇸⚡️🇮🇷 — Trump rejected the Iranian proposal to suspend uranium enrichment for up to five years.

– The New York Times, citing a U.S. official.

 @alsaa_plus_EN
🇺🇸🇮🇱⚡️🇮🇷 — Member of the Iranian delegation accompanying team in Islamabad, Mohammad Marandi: 

We received direct threats and serious information indicating that the Iranian delegation’s plane bound for Islamabad could be attacked.

The Iranian delegation’s plane changed its route after the threats and landed in Mashhad, then the delegation traveled by train and car to Tehran.

 @alsaa_plus_EN
If you want quick,accurate updates on Middle East and South Asia then join @middle_east_clan
🇺🇸⚡️🇮🇷 — Trump’s deputy to Fox News: We have made significant progress in the talks with Iran.

The ball is in Tehran’s court, and the negotiations depend on Tehran’s willingness to show flexibility and accept U.S. demands.

We expect Iran to make progress regarding the opening of the Strait of Hormuz.

What the Iranians have done amounts to an act of economic terrorism against the entire world.

 @alsaa_plus_EN
🇺🇸🇮🇷 — No agreement has yet been reached on final plans to hold another round of negotiations between Washington and Tehran.

– The New York Times, citing officials.

 @alsaa_plus_EN
🇪🇸🇻🇦🇺🇸 Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez on Trump's insult to the Pope:

While some in the world are sowing the seeds of war, Pope Leo XIV is sowing the seeds of peace with courage and audacity.

It will be an honor to meet him in Spain in a few weeks.
🇮🇱⚡️🇪🇺 — Netanyahu:

Europe needs to do something and should not remain outside the conflict. Europe has forgotten many things since the Holocaust. Israel is the one protecting Europe today.

 @alsaa_plus_EN
🇺🇸🇨🇳⚡️ — The White House:

Trump will hold a meeting today with the U.S. ambassador to China.

 @alsaa_plus_EN
🇱🇧🇺🇸🇮🇱⚡️ — Axios, citing a U.S. State Department official:

Israel is at war with Hezbollah, not with the Lebanese state.

There is no obstacle to direct dialogue between Israel and the Lebanese state.

 @alsaa_plus_EN
🇺🇸🇮🇱🇱🇧⚡️ — CNN, citing a U.S. State Department official:

Rubio will take part in the direct talks between Israel and Lebanon on Tuesday.

 @alsaa_plus_EN
🇺🇸⚡️🇮🇷 — The New York Times:

Trump is trying, through a blockade of the Strait of Hormuz, to choke Iran’s lifeline, but the Iranians are betting that his tolerance for political pain is limited.

 @alsaa_plus_EN
🇺🇸🇮🇷🇵🇰🇨🇭⚡️ — AP, citing U.S. officials:

🔹 Washington and Tehran are considering holding a new round of negotiations, and discussions are still ongoing regarding it.

🔹 Islamabad is once again being proposed as an option to host a new round of talks between Washington and Tehran.

🔹 Geneva is also considered a likely option to host a new round of talks between Washington and Tehran.

🔹 A new round of negotiations between Washington and Tehran could be held on Thursday.

🔹 The location of the new round of negotiations between Washington and Tehran has not yet been definitively decided.

 @alsaa_plus_EN
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷/🇸🇦 NEW: Less than a day in, Saudi Arabia is pressuring Trump to drop the blockade on the Strait of Hormuz, warning that it could push the Houthis to escalate in the Red Sea and Bab Al-Mandab – WSJ

@Middle_East_Spectator

BREAKING: Michael Saylor's 'Strategy' buys 13,927 Bitcoin worth $1 billion.

@WatcherGuru
JUST IN: Tom Lee's 'BitMine' buys 71,524 $ETH worth $157 million.

@WatcherGuru
JUST IN: 🇺🇸 US officially begins blockade of all ships entering or exiting the Strait of Hormuz.

@WatcherGuru
JUST IN: $2 trillion Morgan Stanley says stocks are in the "final phase" of a correction.

@WatcherGuru
JUST IN: Kraken crypto exchange says it is being "extorted" by a criminal group threatening to release videos showing internal systems and client data.

The exchange says its systems have not been breached and customer funds are not at risk.

@WatcherGuru
JUST IN: 🇺🇸 SEC staff outlines conditions for crypto trading apps and wallets to avoid broker-dealer registration.

@WatcherGuru
JUST IN: Elon Musk says "what happened to all the Tesla killers that legacy press and hedge fund short sellers predicted were coming?"

@WatcherGuru
JUST IN: 🇪🇺 ClearBank becomes one of the first banks approved under the EU's MiCA crypto regulation framework.

@WatcherGuru
JUST IN: 🇺🇸 59% chance President Trump signs crypto market structure legislation into law this year.

@WatcherGuru
JUST IN: $2,250 ETH

@WatcherGuru
JUST IN: $74,000 Bitcoin

@WatcherGuru
JUST IN: $175,000,000 worth of shorts liquidated from the crypto market in the past 60 minutes.

@WatcherGuru
JUST IN: Suspect arrested for attacking Sam Altman's home said he wanted to kill the OpenAI CEO and stop humanity's extinction from AI, CNBC reports.

@WatcherGuru
JUST IN: 🇺🇸 Senator Thom Tillis plans to release stablecoin yield draft agreement this week to end lobbying battle between banks and crypto.

@WatcherGuru

❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷 Spokesperson of the Khatam Al-Anbiyaa Central Headquarters, Ibrahim Zolfaqari:

– Defending Iran’s territorial waters is a national responsibility.

– As has been previously announced, enemy-affiliated vessels do not and will not have the right to pass through the Strait of Hormuz. Other vessels will continue to be allowed to pass in accordance with the regulations of the IRGC Navy.

– Iran will resolutely implement a permanent mechanism to control the Strait of Hormuz. 

– The Armed Forces of the Islamic Republic of Iran clearly and firmly declare that the security of ports in the Persian Gulf and the Sea of ​​Oman is either for everyone or for no one.

– If the security of the ports of the Islamic Republic of Iran in the waters of the Persian Gulf and the Sea of ​​Oman is threatened, no port in the Persian Gulf and the Sea of ​​Oman will be safe.

@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇮🇱/🇱🇧/ NEW: The IDF announces it has completed the encirclement of Bint Jbeil in southern Lebanon

@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇮🇷/🇻🇦/🇺🇸 Iran’s President, Masoud Pezeshkian:

‘His Holiness Pope Leo XIV, I condemn the insult to Your Excellency on behalf of the great nation of Iran, and declare that the desecration of Jesus, the prophet of peace and brotherhood, is not acceptable to any free person. 
I wish you glory by Allah.’

@Middle_East_Spectator
— Exactly 25 minutes left till Trump’s naval blockade takes effect.
The blockade has begun.
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷 NEW: President Trump once again claims the Iranian Navy has been completely destroyed, now claiming 158 ships were sunk, while saying that IRGC speedboats were not sunk because ‘they posed no threat’, warning them that they will be destroyed if they approach the U.S. Naval Blockade

@Middle_East_Spectator
Can someone try to sail a ship through the Strait? I want to see if the blockade is working or not. This is boring.
—❗️🇮🇷/🇷🇺 NEW: Russian Mi-28 helicopters, acquired by Iran just before the war, are seen above Tehran

They haven’t been destroyed by the U.S. contrary to claims.

@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇮🇷 NEW: About 15-20 vessels crossed the Strait of Hormuz in the past 36 hours using the new Iranian-assigned shipping corridor and with IRGC permission after paying tolls

Most of the vessels were Chinese, Pakistani, Russian or Iranian.

@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇮🇷/🇨🇳 Chinese Defense Ministry: 

‘Chinese ships continue to move in and out of the waters of the Strait of Hormuz. We have trade and energy agreements with Iran, which we will respect and abide by. 

We expect others not to interfere in our affairs. Iran controls the Strait of Hormuz, and has opened it to us.’

@Middle_East_Spectator
 — President Trump on Iran:
We’ve been called by the other side. 

They’d like to make a deal very badly.
Possibility of another round of Iran-U.S. talks. Allegedly Thursday in Islamabad.

Very preliminary info.
— 🇮🇷 Scenes from an Iranian cabinet meeting during the war:

Minister: ‘Mr. President, we’ve just been informed hostile aircrafts entered our airspace’ (on their way to bomb)

Pezeshkian: ‘OK, (no problem). So anyway what were you saying?’

@Middle_East_Spectator
آتش‌بس بى امتیاز، 
خیانت به شهداى ماست.
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷/🇸🇦 NEW: Less than a day in, Saudi Arabia is pressuring Trump to drop the blockade on the Strait of Hormuz, warning that it could push the Houthis to escalate in the Red Sea and Bab Al-Mandab – WSJ

@Middle_East_Spectator




