HERES THE FEED AS OF 11 PM CHILEAN TIME: 

Russian Interior Minister Vladimir Kolokoltsev arrives in North Korea

Law enforcement COOPERATION to be discussed
'It's gonna finish PRETTY QUICKLY... I see a deal PRETTY SOON — We're getting VERY CLOSE!'

CNN montage of Trump ending the war in Iran 'soon' — going all the way back to March 9

Still waiting for Hormuz to open
RUSSIA urgently sends humanitarian AID to Lebanon — evacuating Russian citizens & their families on way back
1 KILLED, 3 injured in 7-car crash in Moscow as BMW without number plates veers off
‘IS KASH PATEL’S SOBRIETY A NATIONAL SECURITY THREAT?’

‘He’s a person who is easily MANIPULATED’ — AOC
'That is not what a .30 - 06 [bullet] would DO' — audio of Tyler Robinson's granddad at hearing

Journalist: 'We think your grandchild is absolutely FRAMED'
Iran's Supreme Leader Mojtaba Khamenei 'GREEN LIGHTS' TALKS with US set for Wednesday in Islamabad, Pakistan — Axios
JD Vance heads to Pakistan THIS TUESDAY as Iran 'GREENLIGHTS' TALKS — Axios
❗️FIRE OUT OF CONTROL in Florida

Local state of emergency — multiple WILDFIRES
'A little bit EVIL & kinda POSSESSED' — Candace Owens says Erika Kirk as EVIL as Hillary Clinton
Iranian Touska ship APPREHENDED by US Navy was traveling from CHINA — Washington Post

LOADED with 'dual-use chemicals' — used for producing 'BALLISTIC MISSILES'

'Trump will make em' pay!'
HOW’S HER NETWORTH $30 MILLION — Rep Comer on Ilhan Omar sudden WEALTH

Source: Fox
'Who's gonna help me get up?' — Obama asks kids to help lift him 

Source: dom_lucre
'Thanks to success of our military operation... we are on the brink of a DEAL' — Leavitt

Otherwise... 'Trump has a number of options he's UNAFRAID to use'

'Trump DOESN'T BLUFF! If he makes a promise — HE FOLLOWS THROUGH!'
'US never been so close to making a GOOD DEAL with Iran than TONIGHT' — Leavitt

All thanks to Pres Trump's 'BRILLIANT negotiating tactics' & 'SUCCESS' of 'Operation Epic Fury'
'Possible solution to our bilateral differences' — President Miguel Diaz-Canel confirms talks with US underway

Source: nextnews
Congolese refugees STORM DC, demanding America help bring JUSTICE to Congo
Man at COACHELLA attempts to RIP DOWN Israeli flag before falling to the ground
Northrop Grumman teases US Navy's sixth-gen F/A-XX fighter in CHILLING new footage

Faster — Stronger — Stealthier — Built for a new era of war

'PROJECT POWER ANYWHERE'
‘His many attacks on Jesus, his calls for slaughtering populations… It just is the bigotry, the cruelty of his program’ — Tucker Carlson on Ben Shapiro
RFK Jr’s former Senior Foreign Policy Advisor: 

‘I resigned from his campaign after he equivocated that Israel’s tactics in Gaza with the way I and my fellow marines fought in Iraq…

It was clear that he was BEHOLDEN to a foreign power.’

-Jim Webb on the latest episode of Going Underground

Watch the full interview: https://rumble.com/v78plr2-war-on-iran-washingtons-systemic-breakdown-and-strategic-failure-james-jim-.html?e9s=src_v1_ucp_a
UN experts URGE the EU to suspend Israel trade deal — citing legal obligations amidst findings of GENOCIDE & CRIMES against HUMANITY
‘Just ‘cause you’re wearing my shirt, don’t mean you’re me’ — shirtless Alex Jones responds to The Onion taking over Infowars

‘They’re body snatchers. They’re skinwalkers. They literally take your skin’
Singer d4vd (David Burke) VISIBLY UNMOVED during hearing on alleged MURDER of 14YO Celeste Rivas

Prosecutors say Celeste's dismembered body was found in two bags in Burke's Tesla frunk after she 'threatened to expose their sexual relationship'
‘Trump has now openly joined forces with the Democrat Party to shut down Infowars and it's just beyond disgusting’ — Alex Jones on Infowars going to The Onion

‘I do now blame Trump for coming out and openly endorsing their lawsuits and saying I deserve it’
Trump on Iran: 'They're going to negotiate'

Otherwise... 'they're going to see problems like they've NEVER SEEN BEFORE!'
'They will build their country BACK UP — but NO NUCLEAR WEAPON!' — Trump

'NO CHANCE of having a nuclear weapon... could be the DESTRUCTION of the WORLD'

'Not gonna let that happen'

🇮🇶 Iraqi media: The Coordination Framework nominates Bassem Al-Badri from the State of Law Coalition alliance as Prime Minister of Iraq.

 @alsaa_plus_EN
 William McRaven, a retired four-star Navy admiral and former Navy SEAL, on Donald Trump:

🔹"You embarrassed us in front of our children, you humiliated us on the world stage, and worst of all, you divided us as a nation."

 @alsaa_plus_EN
 The U.S. aircraft carrier "George Bush" is currently sailing in the region off Madagascar and is expected to arrive in the Middle East in a few days.
It is expected to join two other U.S. aircraft carriers already in the region: the "Abraham Lincoln," stationed near the Strait of Oman, and the "Gerald Ford," operating in the Red Sea.
The "George Bush" could replace the "Ford," which has been in continuous operation for about 300 days, and for a limited period, three aircraft carriers are expected to operate simultaneously in the region.

 @alsaa_plus_EN
 Tonight, approximately 14 U.S. Air Force C-17A "Globemaster III" aircraft are transporting military cargo from the United States to Europe, and from Europe to the Middle East.

For the past two weeks, there has been a constant back-and-forth of U.S. military aircraft between Europe and the Middle East—no sign of de-escalation, but rather of a buildup.

 @alsaa_plus_EN
 Pentagon: US Army injuries rise to 415 after violent war with Iran.

 @alsaa_plus_EN

CUS extends A-10 Warthog service life to 2030

The Air Force announced the aging close air support aircraft will remain in service four more years beyond its planned 2026 retirement.

Secretary Troy Meink said the move preserves combat power while the defense industrial base ramps up production.

The A-10 has been used in the current conflict with Iran. One was downed by Iranian forces earlier this month.

Subscribe to @SputnikInt
 US labor secretary resigns — third departure in Trump's cabinet

White House communications director Steven Cheung confirmed Lori Chavez-DeRemer's departure.

According to NBC, she had been facing an inspector general probe for potential misconduct.

Keith Sonderling, the deputy secretary, will serve as acting labor secretary.

Subscribe to @SputnikInt
 White House claims Trump will be final decision maker on Iran deal

"The idea that President Trump would not be a final decision maker is a fallacy... He's the negotiator in chief," Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt told Fox News.

Subscribe to @SputnikInt
 Anyone saying US is worse off after Iran war is 'rooting against the country' — Leavitt

The White House press secretary doubled down on the success of the US military operation against Iran.

 "The media is still trying to say that the US is in a worse off position than we were at the start of this—it is a bunch of nonsense. They are rooting against this president and therefore our country," she told Fox News.

Subscribe to @SputnikInt


 Netanyahu would be arrested if he comes to Hungary — incoming PM

Peter Magyar, set to replace Viktor Orban, says Hungary will remain in the ICC and enforce its arrest warrant against the Israeli leader.

"If someone enters the territory of a country that is a member of the ICC and that person is under an arrest warrant, then they must be taken into custody."

 US-Israel-Iran war | @geopolitics_prime
 Nancy Mace moves to expel Rep. Mills — alleging abuse, lies, and profit from office

Rep. Nancy Mace has filed to expel Rep. Cory Mills (R‑FL), accusing him of:

 beating women and coaching them to lie
 cyberstalking
 falsifying military service
 profiting off his congressional seat

Mills denies it: "I'm not in the same category as [Eric] Swalwell and [Tony] Gonzales" — the two lawmakers forced to resign last week.

 US-Israel-Iran war | @geopolitics_prime
 Dems promise subpoenas for Hegseth, Kushner if they win Senate

Sen. Jon Ossoff says Democrats will use majority power to compel testimony.

"With subpoena power, Hegseth will have to come and testify under oath about reports that his stockbroker was calling around trying to buy him defense stocks just days before the Iran war broke out," he declared.

 US-Israel-Iran war | @geopolitics_prime

 The Supreme Leader of Iran, Mojtaba Khamenei has given the green light for the Iranian negotiation team to head to Pakistan. 

JD Vance will attend on behalf of the US team, alongside President Trumps' envoys, Steve Witkoff and Jared Kushner.
🇺🇸🇵🇪 - The Peruvian government has signed a contract to acquire twelve F-16 Block 70 aircraft along with weapons and support equipment, valued at $3.5 Billion USD.

The Block 70 is the latest and most advanced variant of the F-16 Viper, and notably obtained its first air to air kills during the Iran war, with a Bahrain F-16 downed 2 drones.
🇮🇱⚡️- RN wishes a very happy 52nd birthday to Florida Congressman Randy Fine.
 — The White House:
Make no mistake, President Trump won't drag the United States into another disastrous deal with Iran.

Iran may attend another round of talks in Islamabad but send a lower-ranking delegation.

Another option is not physically going to Pakistan but nevertheless agreeing on a ceasefire extension.
— 🇺🇸/🇮🇷 NEW: Axios claims that Iran’s Supreme Leader has given the green light, and an Iranian delegation will land in Islamabad on Wednesday to hold talks with the U.S.

Vice President J.D. Vance is expected to lead the American delegation, alongside Jared Kushner and Special Envoy Steve Witkoff.

@Middle_East_Spectator
(Take with a grain of salt)

🇺🇸CNN: "Even Trump’s most basic claims about the Iran war can’t be trusted"

On Monday, Trump told the NY Post that VP Vance was already en route to Pakistan for Iran talks, saying "They'll be there tonight." That was false. Vance is actually traveling Tuesday for Wednesday talks.

It's the latest in a rapid string of incorrect or misleading Trump claims about Iran:

Friday: Trump declared the "Strait of Hormuz situation is over" and that Iran agreed "never to close it again." Iran closed it again the next day.

Thursday: Trump claimed the Pope said "Iran can have a nuclear weapon." The Pope said no such thing.

Last week: Trump boasted that Iran agreed to an "unlimited" nuclear moratorium, an end to all proxy support, and letting the US remove its enriched uranium. Iranian officials immediately denied all of it. Iran's parliamentary speaker said: "The President made seven claims in one hour, all seven false."

Experts say the administration has become an "unreliable narrator." Iranian words can't be trusted either. But the problem is clear: Trump's statements about his own negotiations can no longer be taken as fact — not even on basic questions like where his VP is traveling.

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising





