so heres the feed  remmeber these telegram channels vary in when posting news so some news from earlier today might be repeated : 


JUST IN - Iranian officials say they will prioritize releasing ships that pay the toll in the Hormuz Strait, while vessels that do not pay the fees will have their passage "postponed."

UPDATE - IRGC says the Hormuz Strait will be closed from this evening as U.S. "did not lift the naval blockade of Iranian vessels and ports," and that "any vessel approaching the Strait of Hormuz will be considered cooperating with the enemy" and the vessel will be targeted.

@disclosetv
NEW - Spain's PM says, "Being progressive is more important now than ever," speaking at the "Global Progressive Mobilisation" conference that, "offers a necessary alternative to conservative and far-right forces."

@disclosetv
NEW - Spain's PM gives a message to "the right and the extreme right" that oppose his regularization of half a million migrants, "we are the children of migration in Spain, we will not be the parents of xenophobia... we are proud to be on the right side of history."

@disclosetv
JUST IN - Brazil, Mexico and Spain issue a joint statement expressing their "great concern about the humanitarian crisis in Cuba" and reaffirm that the "Cuban people themselves" must decide their future in full freedom.

Source: https://www.exteriores.gob.es/es/Comunicacion/Comunicados/Paginas/2026_COMUNICADOS/Comunicado-conjunto-sobre-la-situacion-en-Cuba.aspx

@disclosetv
JUST IN - Trump Organization along with local partners plan to build a 70-story Trump Tower in Tbilisi, Georgia's capital, which will become the tallest building in the city and include luxury residences, retail and hotel-style  amenities.

Read here: https://www.disclose.tv/id/o20jet1avw/

@disclosetv
NOW - Pope Leo XVI waves from the popemobile as thousands line the streets to greet him in Angola, the first papal visit there since 2009.

@disclosetv
NEW - Nearly 10% of U.S. births in 2023 came from illegal immigrant mothers, according to newly published research from Pew Research Center - the highest number since 2010.

Read here: https://www.disclose.tv/id/eiv1f4iyqa/

@disclosetv

Iran's Islamic Revolution Guards Corps (IRGC) Navy issues a statement following claims made by US President Trump.

🔹 Iran's IRGC Navy says that statements made by the US President have no credibility.

🔹 Public Relations of the IRGC Navy says that yesterday, with the announcement that civilian vessels would be allowed to pass through the Strait of Hormuz, a number of vessels passed through with  the coordination of the IRGC Navy.

🔹 However, in violation of the ceasefire agreement, the American enemy has not lifted the naval blockade on Iranian vessels and ports, so the Strait of Hormuz will be closed from this afternoon until the blockade is lifted.

🔹 Iran's IRGC warns that no vessel of any kind should move from its anchorage in the Persian Gulf and the Sea of ​​Oman, stating that approaching the Strait of Hormuz will be considered as cooperation with the enemy, and the offending vessel will be targeted.

@PressTV
🔹 Iran's IRGC informs all vessels and their owners to follow the news only from the official IRGC Navy, and the statements of the US President on the Strait of Hormuz and the Persian Gulf have no credibility.

@PressTV
▶️ "This war has shown that the resistance has gotten stronger"

Nima Rostami Alkhorshid says the US tried to force Iran into submission, but Iran's attacks on US bases and support for resistance groups proved Iran could not be defeated.

@PressTV
▶️ Lebanese return home as 10-day truce begins

Mariam Saleh reports from Beirut

@PressTV
🔴 Iran Parl. Speaker: We confronted US mine-sweeping decisively, went to brink of War but enemy retreated

@PressTV
🔺“The resistance was formed in Lebanon because of a gap in the country’s defense” 

According to Hussein Hajj Hassan, the United States prevents Lebanon from building a strong army.

Watch in full 

#FaceToFace

@PresstvPrograms
🔴 Sheikh Naim Qassem: Ceasefire would not have happened without legendary performance of Resistance fighters

🔺 Hezbollah Leader: Israel massed 100,000 soldiers on border but couldn’t reach litany in 45 days of battle 

🔺 Sheikh Qassem says they don’t trust enemy, fighters have fingers on trigger to respond to violations 

@PressTV
▶️ Iran marks National Army Day as parades are cancelled due to US-Israeli aggression

Moein Amini reports from Tehran

@PressTV
Ghalibaf: 

🔺US has announced a blockade; this is a CLUMSY and IGNORANT decision. Others pass through the Strait of Hormuz but not us? IMPOSSIBLE! 

🔺I told American delegation that if their minesweeper moves even an inch forward from its position, we will definitely open fire.

@PressTV
Israeli army implements Gaza-style 'yellow line' in south Lebanon 

The Israeli army has established "Yellow Line" military zones and buffer areas across the southern part of Lebanon to keep control over its occupied territories there during the ongoing 10-day ceasefire.

@PressTV
Russia: US sought to take control of Iranian oil in Persian Gulf 

Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov says the United States was seeking to take control of the vital oil route through the Strait of Hormuz as the primary objective of its aggression on Iranian soil.

@PressTV
Qalibaf warned US in Islamabad: If their minesweeper in Strait of Hormuz moved an inch, Iran will fire

Speaker Mohammad Baqer Qalibaf says he warned a US delegation in Islamabad that if their minesweeper in the Strait of Hormuz moved an inch, Iranian forces would fire, which forced them to immediately retreat

@PressTV
▶️ According to Syed Mohsin Abbas, Trump’s chaotic statements are part of a controlled narrative to influence markets and please the Israeli regime, but Iran adheres to its focused strategy.

@PressTV
▶️ Thousands of Iranian patriots continue to throng the streets of Tehran, taking part in nationwide nightly rallies held in support of the Islamic Republic of Iran and the Iranian Armed Forces.

@PressTV
▶️ The US–Israel strikes assassinated Iran’s top leaders and strategists - yet the nation’s resilience has defined the aftermath.

@PressTV


Iran downed 170 US and Israeli drones during war: commander 

A senior Iranian commander says the country’s air defense forces successfully intercepted 170 enemy drones during the US-Israeli aggression against the Islamic Republic. 

@PressTV
Pezeshkian praises Army for defending Iran’s territorial integrity during war 

President Masoud Pezeshkian says the Iranian Army is firmly determined to continue its path to defend Iran’s territorial integrity and the Islamic Revolution.

@PressTV
▶️ Israel’s chosen victims: Women under a pattern of civilian harm in war

Ghada Ebrahim reports from Gaza City

@PressTV
▶️ Israelis took to the streets of Haifa as part of anti-regime and anti-Netanyahu protests.

@PressTV
▶️ Pressure mounts on European Union to suspend trade deal with Israel

Jerome Hughes reports from Brussels

@PressTV
▶️ Gazans stranded in Tunisia mark Palestinian Prisoners’ Day

Iskandar Naouar reports from Tunis

@PressTV
📸 Iran's Foreign Ministry spokesman calls out the hypocritical statement made by Vice-President of the European Commission Kaja Kallas.

🔹 Esmaeil Baqaei says that the EU dusts off 'international law' to lecture others while quietly green-lighting a US-Israeli war of aggression—and looking the other way on atrocities against Iranians.

🔹 Esmaeil Baqaei states Europe’s chronic failure to practice what it preaches has turned its 'international law' talk into peak hypocrisy.

🔹 Esmaeil Baqaei adds that no rule of international law forbids Iran, the coastal State, from taking necessary measures to stop the Strait of Hormuz from being used for waging military aggression against Iran.

@PressTV
▶️ Iranians mark Islamic Revolution Art Week amid US-Israeli aggression

Moeen Amini reports from Tehran

@PressTV

ezbollah Secretary-General Naim Qassem on Israel-Lebanon ceasefire:

'We do not trust this enemy, the resistance will remain in the field WITH THEIR FINGERS ON THE TRIGGER, responding to the enemy's violations as they occur'
Hezbollah chief outlines 'next steps':

- permanent cessation of all hostile actions in all of Lebanon 

- Israeli withdrawal from occupied territories

- release of prisoners

- return of citizens to their villages & towns 

- reconstruction with intl Arab support
Speaker Ghalibaf REVEALS Iran nearly STRUCK American minesweeper DURING Pakistan talks

‘I told American delegation there if they (minesweeper) come any closer, we’ll DEFINITELY strike’

‘They only asked for 15 minutes from us’

They RETREATED

Strait under IRANIAN control
Trump's statements on Strait of Hormuz 'HAVE NO CREDIBILITY'  

'Follow news only from official sources of Iranian navy' — IRGC
Israel ARRESTS 2 air force soldiers on espionage suspicion — Channel 7

Allegedly tasked by Iran to gather airbase and CLASSIFIED weapons intelligence

Also ordered to monitor Finance Minister Smotrich
LULA: Iraq invasion was a LIE… weapons of mass destruction… were never found

Genocide carried out by Israel in Gaza another very big lie

Bombing of Israel against Lebanon… invasion by United States against Iran…
LULA: STOP telling lies about others in order to destroy them

Latin America portrayed as world of drug trafficking... Arab world portrayed as world of terrorism

And who is good in this world?
2023 FOOTAGE: Kiev mass shooter snaps over supermarket line

Killed 6 and injured 14 today
THIS is how ‘volunteers’ are recruited for Zelensky’s war

Vehicle boxed in for ‘document check’

Car windows SMASHED 

Man SUCCESSFULLY escapes — recruiter opens FIRE
Man with HUGE American flag SLAMS into scoreboard after FAILED parachute landing at Virginia Tech Spring Game
Trump plans 70-FLOOR TRUMP TOWER in Tbilisi, Georgia — WSJ

‘TALLEST building in capital of Georgia’

Luxury residences, retail, hotel amenities

Ai-pic
Parts of 700-year-old Khotyn Fortress COLLAPSE in Ukraine

Listed among ‘Seven Wonders of Ukraine’

Local authorities now demand cash for repairs
Lvov mayor greets King of Sweden with ‘YOUR EMERGENCY’ instead of ‘YOUR EXCELLENCY’

Mayor tries to explain city — King says he’s already Googled it all
Crowd of thousands tries to catch Pope Leo’s attention in Angola during first papal visit in 17 YEARS
KAMALA: Trump got pulled into a war by Bibi Netanyahu... that American people DO NOT WANT

Crowd erupts
Iran responded with PRECISION and ‘SHORTEST possible time’ to US–Israeli attack

Reaction time down from 14–15 hours in first war

Despite loss of Supreme Leader and IRGC command — Ghalibaf
Iran SHOT DOWN 170-180 drones

‘In the past, we didn’t have such capabilities’ — Ghalibaf

‘Everyone SAW it… shooting down F-35 not SMALL event’

🇮🇪 Ireland is entering its eighth consecutive day of mass protests over soaring fuel prices, as residents describe being forced to cut back on basic heating costs just to get by.

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇺🇸🇮🇷 The U.S. is prepared to resume military operations against Iran if negotiations fail to produce a breakthrough, Axios reports, citing sources.

According to the outlet, Donald Trump held a meeting on Saturday to discuss the escalating situation in the Strait of Hormuz and the state of talks with Iran.

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇺🇸 Are you tired of winning!?!

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
Chronicles of the special military operation
for April 18, 2026

Russian forces delivered a series of strikes against energy facilities in Chernihiv and Dnipropetrovsk Region throughout the day. A series of explosions also rang out in the vicinity of Odesa ports.

The enemy attacked oil industry facilities in Crimea with drones, and also conducted a raid on a facility in Tikhoretsk. Drone impacts were also recorded in liberated territories of DNR and Zaporizhia Region.

In the Kostyantynivka direction, Russian forces are attempting to drive the enemy out of Chasiv Yar. Parallel to this, assault troops are gradually advancing through the buildings of Kostyantynivka itself, seeking to establish control in the center of the settlement.

In the Dobropillia direction, fighters of the GV "Center" cleared the northwestern part of Gryshino, with a "gray zone" still remaining on the southern outskirts. Assault troops also established control over the settlement of Utyatnik on the approaches to neighboring Novoaleksandrivka.

 High-resolution maps:

🔸Situation in the special military operation zone (ru; en)

🔸Kostyantynivka direction (ru; en)

🔸Dobropillia direction (ru; en)

 Online maps available by subscription at map.rybar.ru
#digest #Dobropillia #Zaporizhia #map #Kostyantynivka #Russia #Ukraine
 RU |  EN |  MAX

 VK |  RuTube |  OK |  Zen

Support us Original msg
🇮🇷🇪🇺 "Spare the sermons; Europe’s chronic failure to practice what it preaches has turned its 'international law' talk into peak hypocrisy." - Iranian MFA Spokesman to Kaka Khallas

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇰🇵🇰🇷 North Korea has fired a ballistic missile of undetermined type in an easterly direction, Yonhap reports.

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising
🇮🇷 Parliament Speaker Ghalibaf:

"What our Martyred Imam always said: 'Don't think this revolution, this Iran, this country relies on us — it relies on God, it relies on this nation. Even in our absence, this will continue forward.'"

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising

🇫🇷 Last month France's national Bank repatriated 129 tonnes of gold from the vaults of the FED in New York. 
Instead of paying a hefty shipping fee, they cleverly sold the old bars and bought new, standardised, ones on the european market. Making a 12 billions profit in the process. 
These new bars will be stored in the heart of Paris in the BNF's vaults, thereby strenghtening France's sovreignity.

@medmannews

Only 15% of Americans believe Trump's claims of achieving all his goals in the war with Iran, according to Politico.

▪️Most Americans say Trump lacks a clear plan and doubt he is achieving his own goals in the war.
▪️Although Trump continues to claim victory, only 15% of Americans say Trump has already achieved his goals in the war with Iran.
▪️Meanwhile, 38% of the population supports strikes on Iran.
▪️Almost half of all respondents also believe Trump spends too much time on international affairs.

@Slavyangrad

 — A regional source told Israeli Kan News that Qatar and Iran may have reached an understanding toward the end of the war, in which Iran scaled back attacks on Qatar while Al Jazeera softened its coverage of Tehran and gave more space to Iranian voices.

 Qatar has strongly denied that any such arrangement or deal took place.
‘You stop being so gay, and we won’t send as many missiles as before’

Honestly good deal
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷/🇮🇱 NEW: President Trump held a closed security briefing today with General Dan Caine, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and Secretary of War Pete Hegseth

An informed U.S. intelligence source tells Axios that ‘preparations are being taken’ to return to war with Iran if there is no diplomatic breakthrough by the end of this weekend.

Hebrew Channel 12 also reports that Israel is preparing for a return to fighting in the coming days.

@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷 Iran’s Parliament Speaker, Mohammad Baqer Qalibaf:

‘We firmly confronted the U.S. efforts to clear our mines in the Strait of Hormuz, and we and considered it a violation of the ceasefire.

During the Islamabad talks, this almost escalated to the point of conflict, but the enemy retreated.

In Islamabad I told the American delegation that if their mine sweepers move even a little forward from its position, we would open fire. They asked for 15 minutes to give the order to return, and they did.’

@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇮🇱/🇱🇧 NEW: An Israeli soldier was killed in a ‘security incident’ in southern Lebanon about two hours ago

@Middle_East_Spectator
—❗️🇺🇸/🇮🇷 NEW: According to U.S. intelligence and military estimates, Iran retains about 60% of its missile launchers, and could ‘reclaim’ 70% of its prewar missile arsenal

At the time of the ceasefire, Iran had access to about half its missile launchers, but ~100 systems were dug out from caves and bunkers in the days immediately following the ceasefire, bringing that number back to 60%. – New York Times

@Middle_East_Spectator

"We should know this: in this war, we are the winners of the battlefield. Equipment, capabilities, and money are certainly effective in victory, but it doesn't always happen."

Parliament Speaker Ghalibaf: In an asymmetric war with them, we fought with our own design, with our own preparation. The enemy had these things, but the power of design and the method of using them and they did not act correctly. They make wrong strategic decisions.

 @DDGeopolitics | Socials | Donate | Advertising

 Iran gains strategic advantage in conflict with US

 Will Israel observe a ceasefire with Lebanon?

 Why reopening Strait of Hormuz won't immediately slash global fertilizer prices

 FM Lavrov: Russo-Chinese ties deeper than military alliances

 Hong Kong seeks to become global gold hub amid Iran war turmoil

 Why Russia's new anti-drone net is second-to-none

Subscribe to @SputnikInt
 Iran warns of response to US moves in Hormuz — Parliament speaker

 “If they don’t lift the blockade, traffic through the strait will definitely be restricted,” Iranian Parliamentary Speaker Mohammad Bagher Ghalibaf said, calling the move a “clumsy and ignorant decision.”

 He said Iran had warned the US that any further movement by its naval assets would be met with force, noting that a minesweeper had withdrawn after being told it would be targeted if it advanced.

 He emphasized that navigation in the Strait of Hormuz is ultimately determined by conditions on the ground under Iran’s control.

Subscribe to @SputnikInt
 Brazil, Mexico, Spain voice concern over Cuba crisis, call for relief measures

The governments of Brazil, Mexico, and Spain expressed “great concern over the serious humanitarian crisis” affecting Cuba in a joint statement.

They called for “the necessary measures” to ease the situation and urged avoiding actions that worsen living conditions or violate international law.

 The countries also reaffirmed that “it must be the Cuban people themselves who decide their future in full freedom,” emphasizing respect for sovereignty and international legal principles.

 The statement comes amid ongoing US economic pressure on Cuba, including the long-standing illegal blockade widely criticized for its humanitarian impact.

 US President Donald Trump repeatedly said that Cuba could be the next target after Iran.

Subscribe to @SputnikInt
  Israel hits civilian targets in Lebanon, making tens of thousands refugees

Israel has left 96,000 Lebanese people homeless during the latest war in the Middle East, according to UN estimates.

The Israeli bombing and invasion of Lebanon have created a total of 1.2 million refugees, including 820,000 in the south of the country.

As a fragile ceasefire came into force, Lebanese authorities assessed that some 40,000 homes have been destroyed or damaged by Israeli attacks.

Subscribe to @SputnikInt

drudge headlines : 

IRAN: STRAIT CLOSED
OPENS FIRE ON SHIPS
USA HUMILIATION

Former MAGA loyalists question Trump's sanity and lead calls for removal...

Psychologist: Why the delusions are so dangerous...

IS PRESIDENT WEARING A HIDDEN LEG BRACE?
JD Vance's Very Bad Week...


MAG: Patel's Endless Wild Booze Binges Spilled by Top Officials...

Attorney Outs More Devastating Claims...

Kash Next on the Chop?

FBI Director Says He'll Sue!


In President's Orbit, Women Aren't Only Ones Concerned About Their Looks...
Republicans should not dismiss a Kamala comeback in 2028...
Is Congress having a reckoning over sexual misconduct -- or just a moment?
UPDATE: AMAZON delivery drones dropping boxes from 10 feet in air, damaging orders...

US military prepares to board Iran-linked ships in coming days, officials say...

Traders placed over $1 BILLION in perfectly timed bets on war. What is going on?


Bibi wreaking havoc on Israel's standing with Americans...
Xi pitching alternative to the chaos of a US-led world order...

Spain PM Hailed as Hero for Taking on Trump...
PALANTIR TO OVERSEE AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL?

AMERICAN REJECTS MONSTER MERGER WITH UNITED...
Inside Story of Five Days That Remade Supreme Court...


Madonna makes shock return to stage during Sabrina Carpenter's Coachella set...

Introduces New Single...

REVIEW: Magnificent new song places her back at centre of pop universe...
Dark side of chemsex scene with party-goers left to die...
Skimp on yogurt, splurge on skydiving: Rise of the frugal wealthy...
New York's Anti-Rich Current Reaches Crescendo With Second-Home Tax Plan...

Trump to join public Bible reading as Pope clash simmers...

DOWD: Leo Bedevils Don...
STUDY: Middle-Aged Americans Weaker, Sadder Than In Other Countries...

In Trump era, fearful left-leaning citizens turn to guns...
AI 'that could escape the lab' sparks fear...

Growing movement warning it could turn on humanity...

City Council Wrecked in Voter Bloodbath After Allowing New Data Center...


Michael Jackson film set to be a controversial hit?


Russian blogger's fierce critique of Kremlin goes viral...

Celeb influencers warning nation might 'snap'...
The best and worst exercises for your gut health...

Alarming image exposes effect ultra-processed foods have on bodies...
