Nations of the year 9000 

Samori Islands 
Chiefdom of Summer 
Holy Kingdom of Samor 
Empire of the Red 
Sagmarion Emirate 
Holy Kingdom of Sumaria 
Chiefdom of Summaro 
Holy Empire of Vaniria 
Republic of Zer 
Kingdom of Eeno
Queendom of Zereen 
The Grand City of Suum 
Chiefdom of Kann 
Protectorate of the Grand Lake
Grand Duchy of Bagmor 
Holy Empire of Saamka 
Most Serene Republic of Sera 
Matriarchy of Ren Protectors of the Lake 
Confederacy of Seena 
Grand City of Vizan 
Theocracy of the One Order 
Grand City of New Vanir 
New Samoria 
United Kindgom of Orma

Story is based around the 

Races: 

Pure Elven: 

Samori (4 Islands connected by small land bridges, cultures vary from ancient bloodlines, asian inspo) 
North Samori 
United Cities of Samoria 

South Samori 
Chiefdom of Summer 

Royal Samor 
Holy Kingdom of Samor 

Red Samor
Empire of the Red 

Sumar (1 Island split by a mountain range, culture is similar to that of the middle east) 
Eastern Sumarian 
Sagmarion Emirate 

Western Sumarian
Holy Kingdom of Sumaria 

Mountain Sumarians 
Chiefdom of Summaro 
	
Vanir (Western Imperial Culture, one Island surrounded by small hills and mountains with a large plain in the middle) 
High Vanirian
Holy Empire of Vaniria 
Lower Vanirian 
Holy Empire of Vaniria 

Zereen (Latin American cultures, Two islands with a rocky south) 
Zerians
Republic of Zer 

Eeno 
Kingdom of Eeno

Grey Een 
Queendom of Zereen 


Half-Elves: Lavernians 

Katir (Descendents of East Sumar) 
The Grand City of Suum 

Kansha (Descendents of Mountain tribes of Sumar) 
Chiefdom of Kann 

Kaliini (Descendents of Western Sumar) 
Kingdom of Kaal 
Protectorate of the Grand Lake
Grand Duchy of Bagmor 
Holy Empire of Saamka 

Seranian (Descendents of Zer) 
Most Serene Republic of Sera 
Rennian (Descendents of Een) 
Matriarchy of Ren Protectors of the Lake 

Seenarian (Descendents of the Zeenari) 
Confederacy of Seena 

Baalan (Descendents of Vaniria) 
Grand City of Vizan 
Theocracy of the One Order 
Grand City of New Vanir 

Aanori (Descendents of North Samor) 
New Samoria 
United Kindgom of Orma

Saanori (Descendents of Royal Samor) 
New Samoria 
United Kindgom of Orma

Ranori (Descendents of Red Samor) 
Empire of Zamred
United Kindgom of Orma

Santiri (Descendents of South Samor) 
Empire of Zamred 
United Kindgom of Orma

Human Hybrids 
Centaur 
Minotaur 
Faust 
Fishfolk 
Bearfolk 
Catfolk 

Humans 
Grandmages of Urba 
Blood mages of Noire 
The Red Brotherhood 
Knights of the One 

Creatures: 

Dogs 
German Sheperds - All Black 
Wolves 
Chihuahuas 
Xolos 
Dogo Argentino 
Irish Wolfhounds 

Cats 
Yellow Cats 
Black Cats 
Orange Cats 
White Cats 
Spotted Cats 
Tiger Cats 

Rabbits 
Jackrabbits 
Blue Rabbits 
Dark Rabbits 
Prairie Rabbits 

Guinea Pigs
Big chubby 

Chickens 
Giant Chickens 
Regular Chickers - Chilean Chicken 

Pigeons 
White Pigeons 
Rainbow Pigeons 

Ravens 
Crows Ravens 
White Crows 

Eagles 
Golden Eagle
Royal Eagle 
Lesser Eagle 
Giant Eagle 
Brown Eagles 
Dragons 
Griffins 
Basilisks
Capricorns
Giant Octopus 
Blue Whales 
Ocean Demons 
Giant Beetles 
Cicadas 
Lions 
Tigers 
Panthers 





Nations: Important persons: 



World: Lavernia 

Characters: 

Amilon - Protagonist 
Backstory:  

Religion: 
The One Rou - Believe in One God who has created, growing religion in Lavernia. 
The Nine - Major Elven Religion - 2 Elven Gods for each Elven Race, 1 Elf God from an ancient lost race 
The Mothers - 5 Goddesses, Water, Plant Life, Earth, Sky, Sun/Moons - most popular religion in Lavernia at the time 
Hiiz-Xur - The Abyss - Nihilistic Religion based on contemplating and understanding the great abyss. 
	The Godreachers of Virn  - A Cult following the teaches of Virn, obsessed with making humans rival and become more powerful than Gods. Legend says Virn battled the Elven God Saaermi and made him bleed before being killed. 
	
	

Gods: 

The One
 - Rou - Creator of all, all knowing and all powerful. 
The Nine 
- Saeermi The First - Ancient Lost Race of Xaar 

Zereen 
Zeerzo  
Eenai 
Sumar
Sunnrar 
Marrum 
Samori 
Sammou 
Rimo 
Vanir
Vanivi 
Nirav 
The Mothers 





Timeline: 

Magic Rules: Alchemy, Esoterism, Blood Magic, Healing, Mind

No Destruction Spells 

Technology: Medieval, Flintlock Guns 

Lore: Context : 

The world is in its 9th "Cycle" - the year is the year 9000, 2000 years after the great Lake was created. No one knows the truth about what caused the Cataclysm but the event marked the start of the collapse of the Human kingdoms. In the North it was chaos and a huge wave of migrants started heading south. Some Kingdoms tried their best to accommodate them, while others shut their gates. Conflict arose and wars broke out all over. The Elves inhabited the islands surrounding the "Lavernia". Each Elven Island was entirely unique yet all saw the opportunity. The continent was ripe for partition. It took the first Elven Kingdom to start the race. They attacked from all sides, while human armies were unable to organize in response. Once all of the continent was under the elves' control fighting naturally began between them. The Elves held a summit to decide what to do with their new conquered lands. Cirrilin "The Great" of the River Elves was able to convince the rest of the need to create an Empire based around an Elective Monarchy where each race must serve at least once before another can serve a second time. The Empire now united the entire known world. After dividing their lands and establishing their new Duchies, war between Elves ceased. Not all were happy though, as some suffered humiliating defeats before the treaty was signed. Humans were not so quick to accept their new masters and revolts were common, this was only exacerbated by the disdain that the elves had for them. Not all elves though, the River Elves treated humans as equals and that is where the first half-elves appeared. During Cirrilins reign this was enforced much to the dislike of other Elven races. Soon after news of half-elves becoming more common in the Riverlands, it began to happen all over the realms. Soon they were becoming a common site all over the empire. Many elves were indignant at this, many were anxiously waiting for Cirrilin's reign to end to install someone who would do something to stop it. Veralion was their choice, an elf of the Samori Island, he was an elven purist with the second strongest army in the empire. When Cirrilin died, the citizens of the Empire were in disbelief. The story was that he succumbed to a sudden illness but many suspect he was killed. The first election of the Empire was about to happen and after weeks of debating and failed votes, Veralion was chosen. His first decree was to prohibit Elven - Human relationships. His second decree was to make citizenship a right only to Elves. Half-Elves were excluded as were Humans. Later parts of the cities started being guarded by Elven soldiers who would only allow Elves through. Most of the time these were the most well cared for and beautiful parts of the city. 
Things were only getting worse for humanity. That is when a group of human assassins made an attempt at Veralion's life during a speech commemorating the founding of the Empire. This began the Cleansing. Elven armies were instructed to exterminate all humans wherever they were found. Half-Elves had been living with humans this entire time and were horrified by what they were seeing yet Half-Elves were not organized like other races. Half-Elves and Elves who were against the violent campaign, hid Humans and helped whom they could. Humanity rebelled in small pockets all over the Empire which only made the Elven campaign more bloodthirsty. The world was subjected to 100 years of war. With Humans resisting strongly, The Elven Empire started to show its cracks. Some of the oldest royal families started feuds and bloodlines were erased. It seemed like a wave of violent rage consumed the Elven rulers. Humanities numbers kept decreasing in horrifying speed. Lito The Wise was a human Grandmage who specialized in alchemy and the healing arts was able to create a potion that once poured in the water would make pure Elves unable to reproduce. A man who would be remembered as Bayr the Ender climbed to the top of the lake created by the Cataclysm that now provided the water of all the rivers of the Continent and poured the concoction. This event would not show its impact until it was too late for the Elves. Veralion continued his war of extermination, this led the Half-Elves to finally unite in their individual regions and rebelled. The weakened empire could not handle these new armies. Seeing what was coming, in desperation and sadism Veralion made the priority of all armies and elven citizens to kill every last human. In almost ungodly speed humanity was now a rare sight. Eventually, they were gone, some say they went into hiding. Others say they left for the other side of the world. At this point the Elves couldn't ignore the earlier warnings about the lack of reports of new births, especially among royals. They also realized they were never going to be able to replace all of their men and women lost in the war. During this chaos between Royal families, the Half-Elven armies began toppling the centuries old empire. The war was considered over when all of the Elven Rulers had been dethroned and new Half-Elven nations formed. The Half-Elven nations were varied in cultures, ideals, and beliefs. Some were more war like, others formed Royal Families, while some formed Republics, among others. Some of these nations killed the royal families and ended entire bloodlines. Others held trials and had them imprisoned. And in others they were sent back to their islands. Over time the elves died out inside the continent and humans were nowhere to be seen. It was the age of Half-Elves, this age established new nations, new rivalries and new alliances. For the next 500 years these nations would create their own histories, their own wars, their own plights. During this time the Island Continents from which the Elves had originally come from were also affected by Lito's Concoction, unbeknownst to Lito the potion didn't just make the Elf who drank infertile but it could also be spread to other Elves of their own race. Now the Old Kingdoms also began to collapse, and in this desperation they discovered that they could still breed with Half-Elves. Over time the inhabitants of these islands all became Half-Elves yet they retain more features from their ancestors than the mainland Half-Elves which gives them a sense of superiority. Yet they never again attempt to invade. 

At the Start of the 9th Century, the nations of the mainland matured, borders became stable and peace was the norm. The Half-Elves of the Continent became known as the Lavernians. While varied in looks and some traditions they had lost all their magic and were closer to humans than the Old Elven Realms. 


Plot Ideas 

